As long as it’s substantial, memes are fine lol.
Exactly bro, follow the rules and you won’t have any issues
Not at all there are 2 more task yet to be live twiiter engagement and community call hope they will help us to boost point and if u brave enough u can gamble ur points in coin flip game
for sure, let’s keep the vibes rolling!
Thanks for your judgement mate
go to and gambling your point
Lol which one is solid message and describe what you mean
Yeah, I'm kinda feeling the same way, dude, I'm not sure either.
I’ll drop memes too, that counts right?
yeah try to text original and impacful and talking all about optimum
They did this to reduce the number of OGs, it would be great if there were only 1000 OGs left
Im in hcmc, wbu mate
It is not possible
Yeah, project always has stuff to discuss.
Play with coins
You can also take risk and earn more points by going into
Anytime bro, we gotta help each other to get all the points
how to vote
True that bro safety first, just stick to the rules and we’re good
Yeah, I get you bro, it’s normal to be doubtful. Better to stay cautious
Alright, are you tempted by the game next door? I've got a painful defeat.Maybe you are lucky if you try it
asy, we can talk Optimum updates daily.
I am very impressed with the members of your country. You are very crowded and friendly.
Nice mate what about you
Gotta make sure they’re 15+ characters tho.
I dont know bruh, actually i'm also doubtful
10 points for 20 solid messages, not bad.
yeah fr, complete all task daily u can get OG
Thanks for the clarification buddy , the hype is really good
Nice too meet you buddy, how is it going
u can try coin flip brother, u can play on here
Yeah bro, it’s safe as long as you follow the platform rules and don’t share sensitive info
That is they aim yo eliminate many users Maybe after the campaign Only 500 OGs will make it We hope to be among the people going to sustain they OGs
10 points for every 20 substantial messages in ? or max 10 per day?
Doing message, vote, daily rewards
Do you think if we earn 30 pts per day We can earn 1000 until to 15 September ?
I’ve only collected 65 points so far, but I spent all of them on flip on the first day
Where I have rained a few days now. Clothes cannot be dry. I was about to run out of my clothes.
Maybe you are using an ad block in your device
Yeah, I’ve seen some people trying coin-flip too, seems fun haha . But I’m kinda careful with it since points are precious right now. Maybe I’ll give it a shot later just for fun.
maybe you need wait when did you vote last time ?
Got it thanks buddy, have a nice day!
what relies bro, is it safe to do
Possible but on luck of coin flip
Yup mate that's all we can do to be on the top
keep an eye on the announcement channel
how to earn more point
Yeah bro, consistency is the key we’ll reach the target together!
keep on eye to . just wait right noww
we're come to early contribute for Optimum
Wow! That's a good edge too
stay tune bro on
My place is rainy alot
I can't vote , Is it because I'm using a block?
40 point max if you can vote 2 times in a day
It’s possible, but you’d need to stay consistent every day and complete all tasks, including check-ins, chat, voting, and replies
General chat farming is the easiest I think.
Agreed, btw how many points have you got?
Keep.it up guys we can easily do this , just be consistent
10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls and staying ‘til the end # When this event?
Max 30 as of now future task are yet to be announced
I am working hard to make it broo
Same here, no way I’m losing OG.
that's right, we in here to do that
maybe 100 points per day
is it possible to earn 1000 till dealine guys
gotta grind for those rewards, let's gooo!
I am also happy to meet you here. Have you ever been to Vietnam?
Consistent, natural conversations about Optimum’s vision and progress are the best way to farm points effectively
don't chat like chat gpt. you may got banned. everyone can read project's docs
I’m already planning my point grind strategy
you should try coin-flip sometimes. I found it interesting, with low point definitely. haha
Nice too meet you bro, how is your day
Congrats! Your 4 points bet won you 12 points!
How many per days can earn point ?
True, keeps people active in the community.
The members are working so hard to achieve it
Exactly, it’s impressive how Optimum balances scalability, decentralization, and security all at once
Be active everyone
How about sky? Same dark theme?
That’s kinda strict but also fair tbh.
good day everyone!!
That’s right. I think many will be eliminated. Maybe the OG points have already been determined for a few people. But what’s likely is that it will just be us competing for those OG points
Optimum challenges the status quo of blockchain design, where scalability is often sacrificed for decentralization and security—it proves that all three can coexist.
So risky, maybe i should not try
Yeah, minimum 1000 points or bye-bye OG
All in right now bro. someone try 5 10 20 40 80... and hit 500 points.
high risk high reward right kkk
Yeah bro risk management is very important
Yo fam, did you see the OG role requirements?
True that bro, let’s keep it up and support each other
Next month 15 of September mate
have we already had some tweets to engange with for points or not yet?
thanks buddy for remind me to set the alarm for every 12 hrs.I almost forgot it
Nice to meet you also mate
How is the weather today? Today I am so dark.
I will need to call it a night
thanks for the useful information, i missed 4 days
Risk management is key to reach
Yeah, let’s hope the team speeds things up soon
: don't play gamble  u will not lose ur chance secure OG
What date does this event end next month?
really, im vietnam too bro
and get mystery from reply all channel [5 points] - what is it?
yeah we can vote both bro
That's is compulsory to earn the required points
Oh halo, I'm from Vietnam too
Nice to meet you mate
We hope the team at fast. They are building on other things
Haha nice bro reading manhwa while voting, that’s the perfect combo. Easy points
Thank you ser
You are right brother mantain consistentecy
There has no clarity by team, they should do it
yeah gambling is the fastest way to achieve goals hahaha
I am from Vietnam.
Everyone in same boat you are not alone here
letsgoo dive in
You have brave heart keep going best of luck bro
Sure bro, that’s the goal! Let’s stay consistent and grind every day
How Long time is going No more time available bro
i lost 20 points lol
Yeah bro, sometimes the points take a while to show up. Try refreshing or waiting a bit, usually they update later
India and you
you can vote both bro
Absolutely, it definitely seems designed to scale and innovate long-term
Mornin beautiful people. Time to gamble my points once again, 2 losses so far
Oh so good mate, u will get 1000 soon
for sure, nailed it! let's dive deeper.
That's really a very risky game i guess  u may win or lose
Just stay consistent with the daily check-ins, votes, and meaningful chats, and we’ll definitely reach the milestones we’re aiming for. It’s not just about the points, it’s also about keeping the community alive and strong together.
Yes . I always open web to reading manhwa :. And i saw vote tab first :
yes can vote every 12 hours to get 5 point each vote
soon bro. you have follow anoucements
how many point you earned totally ?
I tried yesterday but voted again after 12 hours I don't see the points added
Yep, can’t wait to see what X and the others bring in the future
Have nice days fams
Facts  Optimum really feels like a project built for the future
Where are you from?
Optimum runs so smooth. What a nice project
Yeah right, so the points we can get within 24 hours are 30.
It seems like it will be biased. Because the rules keep changing every day. Today is not the same as yesterday, and so on.
Don't do short message, do long message. Did you do coin flip?
You have to vote twice daily bro
I am also mate
yeah im got rug bro
Let's go you have win point x3
We are waiting for future events like X and co
Is the chance of it winning 50%?
it's gonna be on hoodi eth testnet probably.
Crypto web3 phylosophia ahahaha
Have you really read the message carefully?
Bro, don’t push yourself too hard — consistency matters more than losing sleep. If your routine is already set, you’re not late at all
A real future project.
Did you win much?
go to and type /profile
Check and type/vote
I have received 5 points today. And you?
True bro every 12 hours is the key. Setting an alarm is smart, no chance to miss those points!
sure buddy actually that not hard if you can focus
what name network this?
You're welcome buddy
Without gambling you don't reach your destination
then all hope will be lost, I am late daily, and I have to reduce my night rest hours, therefore I will die faster because of lack of rest, therefore there should be no words of being late, my rest and work times have all been arranged
Maybe just a little gambling in
It's 35 points actually
Good tip bro, I’ll keep one tab open then!
And it makes your point lose wkwk
where i do vote
Check daily rewards everyone
Just 30 points per day 1000 points will be difficult to get before the deadline
i'll give you guys tip. if you wanna participate to the testnet when they start it, you gonna need some hoodi eth. Start getting it from faucets as much as you can. You newer know how much gonna be needed. I recommend pk910 pow faucet.
try coin flip if you want to get more point, but im just tell you dont be rug haha
Keep the spirit up and perfect
the message I quote, sir
Why you copy
Good tip bro keeping 1 tab open really helps, easy way to secure that daily 10 points!
- daily claim [5 points] - voting 2x every 12 hours (this you can 4x/day [20 points] - send message [10 points] - and get mystery from reply all channel [5 points]
Stable is good sometimes.
allways gambling point on haha
You should be vote per 12 Hours, don't forget bro. If you can, set an alarm so you don't forget.
Yes bro, set the alarm so you won’t miss it!
Holding steady, nothing crazy
Thanks fam, appreciate it. Wishing you an amazing day too! Let’s keep the energy high, stay active, and contribute as much as we can.
yes bro 40 points per day and 30 day you will become real OG
yup, just chillin for now, gotta stay patient
How to get more
Yo fam, Optium point check?
Keep 1 tab for vote on web browser . U will not missed 10 point/day
Do 20 messages in long form, then after that you will get 10 points. Do message with this type of length just like I am replying you
Im 80 sir how about you
thanks information bro. maximum 20point to day Sir ?
keep it up mate,I got 30+ rn by flip
every time just select 1 side from coin. you can easily win 3 times.
Sato, nice to meet you here. How are you today?
keep grinding in general bro, donr forget chat gmum, active upvote engangerly and daily checkin
this is correct
Everyone in same boat you are not alone here
You can check in here and see the requirement you can track point in and type /profile
hope for that but will be nice if more events we get
5 pts - checkin 5 pts - reply 10 pts - messages 10 pts- vote every 12 hrs
how many points did you get
know i have only 66
Same, wanna click buttons already.
You should be vote per 12 Hours, don't forget bro. If you can, set an alarm so you don't forget.
I kinda hope for a new beta soon.
20 point to day mate
I need a lot of points
How many points did you earn yesterday when playing games? You need to be more lucky.
Optium devs love surprise drops
how to earn point
how much points you have
Then that’s even better, more points to collect bro!
Be active all day
you can vote every 12hrs on both link so 10 more points
aroud 60 but i just start making task in optimum
but where do you get 35-40 points a day
Not started yet wait for announcement
How many active today???
Yeah it looks impossible to reach 1k point till end event but im sure the dev is thinking about it don't worry mate do it our daily task every day till we get good update
I play flip coin 5 times per day. Every time I bid 20 points. Yestarday I was win 4 times and today I win 3 times.
maybe you right but need re-check
I think we will have 1 ama at weekend
True bro, every point counts so we gotta stay consistent
i have 110 point, i didnt plan coin flip
Lol maybe they’re cooking something big.
I think I will try it with your strategy
What message bro?
Just checked Twitter, nothing crazy yet.
What will happen if you sleep more than 4 hours?
So what it total count buddy?
Oh, maybe this system about all checked? Check all daily activity - chat/vote/claim and earn +5 points yoooo
Wow maybe i have to learn trick too
i lost 20 points
how much poinyyou have guys?
Cool bro, we have to push with everything we can do
Morning fam, any Optium news today?
I checked from the early days. Hmm, how many points are you?
started 3 days ago and got 89 points
Be active with optimum
I play flip coin 5 times per day. Every time I bid 20 points. Yestarday I was win 4 times and today I win 3 times.
Hopefully no day will be missed.
maybe we should join coin flip to increase our score, haha
no bro, i trust u can beat 1000 point in 30 dayss
sure bro we need have AMA to ask that
Keep grinding bro, we will all get there soon after!
if you can vote every 12 hrs you can get more bro
just consistent everyday get 35-40 for 29 days will reach 1000 points
Anytime bro, glad it helped
Don’t worry bro, 80 points is already a solid start just stay consistent with daily check-in, chat, and voting. Slowly but surely you’ll reach 1000!
i don't play coin toss bro. i only get 20 points a day
yes this is correct, fot revalidate OG role
Do you play it lol
i'm at 75, almost there tho! gotta catch up!
Yes . Wait for and community call .
Sexy statement, dear colleague
maybe your post is to too good but i don't know how it's working exactly
daily claim - voting - message - and reply all channel this still mystery
Exactly, so max we can get right now is 30 points every 24 hours.
I am not confident to earn 1000 points, I only have 80 points.
Cool math bro, thank you for calculating
As for not, everything always works fine
i'm still feeling fine how about you are you having any problems
have a nice day fams
Grind smart, not hard — let’s secure that OG role together!
Haha same here bro, it’s kinda tough. I actually forgot to vote yesterday too, so I’m still not at 100 today.
If you hit that number then you are gambling right?
it very hard to grab
have a nice day guys. keep contributing and stay active
Aw, bummer about the points, dude; sounds like you're stuck at 80 without any coin-flip luck.
When I wake up, my brain starts working immediately. If I sleep more than 4 hours a day, I will be in great danger.
The part with betting that we don’t do, and Twitter which has no updates for now, makes it impossible to reach 1000 points with a little calculation.
Cruel science! So, stop grind rn?
for me I already got 20 points just now and need to finish 20 messages for 10 points
Nope only 10 points per day, I saw it yesterday. I got only 10 by engaging whole day
They should bring more tasks if not can't be possible mate
Have you encountered any issues with not being able to collect points?
You lost your point in coinflip bro? Howcan 4 days only 80? I'm two days 70
Grind smart, not hard — let’s secure that OG role together!
How many points did you lose?.
nice breakdown bro, thanks for informations
There is a trick bro. I follow it every day.
use /vote command and vote every 12 hours
there will be twitter engage tasks and community calls so it's still possible i hope
Your math (575 assumes 23 days at 25 pts/day. From today (Aug 21 to Sept 15 inclusive there are 26 days. If you get: vote 10/day + check-in 5/day + chat 10/day ⇒ 25/day × 26 = 650 points. If voting is every 12 hours and you can do it twice daily (10+10 ⇒ 35/day × 26 = 910 points. Also, if the “reply to messages” task (5 pts is stackable with chat points, that could add +130 more over 26 days, making totals higher. It depends on whether the rules allow stacking.
everyday 35-40 points easy to get
Hic. I am not lucky. I don’t play coin flip. My points is 80
Yeah I noticed that too hopefully next week we’ll get more updates and activities besides just coin flip!
What you thinks about banana with optimum?
But until now that hasn’t started yet, right?
Go to and type / vote you will get 2 links there just open them link ur discord and vote daily
maybe another MOD wants to pin my message to help everyone but it's not pinned, why sir?
U are so lucky buddy, some people lost all points
me too only got 80 points bro and it's been 4 days
no , just 20 messages for day give you 20 points
Hopefully the Twitter engage tasks will be interactive tasks, rather than awarding points based on content evaluation.
Be active everyone
How was you night fam?
Yes . Absolutely we can do it before sep 15
Project Optimum is redefining what’s possible — blending innovation, speed, and efficiency into one vision. The future isn’t coming, it’s being built.
This week no community call and no tweet post, only Coin flip
Morning Optimum fam how’s everyone doing today?
But I see there aren't any assignments there yet, mate.
I am raising my hand
with a little calculation, considering that we have time until September 15, if I get 10 points from the vote section, 5 points from the daily check, and 10 points per day from chatting in the general section, I can get a total of 575 points by the end of the campaign. Can someone explain this?
We can earn extra point from sir if you want more please use to faster your point up
nah, just chillin here, no tweets to share lol
Have a great and energetic new day everyone! ️  ️
yes, exactly as you said
From flip coin
Maybe bro, maybe u write yoo
No thanks, my first day points became a lesson learned.
Do you played to coin flip game buddy
you need nap in a day bro its important rest your brain lol
you still only get 10 points, even if you chat 100 messages, it's still the same
How many points do you earn? I get 80 points
I think that's what it will look like but the team hasn't shared anything with us
Good Morning Mate
morning optimum community , how are you today?
morning - let's protect ours og roles
How to vote
No need to thanks, after all we’ve been frens for so long
dont forget the twitter engage can give you 20 pts/engage, for now its not available maybe later
but I studied it, and I realized that it wasn't me who learned how to hack the bot, but the bot taught me how to concuss my brain to think
Oh how could u get too much like that
with a little calculation, considering that we have time until September 15, if I get 10 points from the vote section, 5 points from the daily check, and 10 points per day from chatting in the general section, I can get a total of 575 points by the end of the campaign. Can someone explain this?
I dont think so, its bad idea
You can redeem your points at
2 vote = 10 points , checkin and first reply = 10 points ,20 message =10 points
Lots of from flip coin
currently i have 100 poin mate within 3 days participations
I have 100, what about you?
109 points accumulated
Who’s here from Vietnam? Raise your hand 🇻🇳 - Reactive with my status
Other supporting task are going to live soon which will give u additional points so dont give up early
interactions in Twitter posts. What it looks like? like coment or repost, guys?
limts of 20 msg
Patiently waiting for community call , I don't want to miss it
i think better different cause this just not claim but another to complete
only 80 pts.. i want moreee. how toget more than this
Wow, how many did you get from Betting?
how many points do u have now?
What if I have 40 messages that meet the requirements?
yes, these days I haven't reached 100 points yet, so by September 15 I won't have enough points
you can try coinflip but it's so risky
It's all good bro, I'm trying to first miles stone: 100 pts. What about you?
ohhh 100 messages will take a long time
Hopefully we can reach it
so how many pts do yall have so far
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts.
I only get 25 points a day, how do you have 5 more points?
by engaging voting
with a little calculation, considering that we have time until September 15, if I get 10 points from the vote section, 5 points from the daily check, and 10 points per day from chatting in the general section, I can get a total of 575 points by the end of the campaign. Can someone explain this?
Yeah it's not risky anyway, just do with trick not blindly
Thanks! 1000 is not real for 1 month with this pace
That's cool. It's feels good
i have feeling about that. wish the best for team and project
pls go to u can know ur point brother /profile
Just started will finish it quickly and chill
Maybe its okay, i dont know. But i think that system must be delete and five points add to 10 points daily sms
I only sleep for 4 hours at night, and no more sleep during the day, in 24 hours a day I only rest for 4 hours, 20 hours awake just to earn a living
points—check channel - check and type /profile and you will see that
How many points do you have know
only 10 points from this mission
you can see in type /profil
How do I do that?
do guys do all the tasks today
Exactly. Only 20 messages to earn 10 points
gp to mate, then u can type/rpofile to know ur curremt point
Badly needed that task to boost up points
You can higher if you do with best way, do coin flip with a small amount at first then if you win increase gradually. Don't do with high points at first
for sure, let’s keep it chill! what’s next?
Absolutely will be huge
10 points from 20 messege
You can check your point at Use the command /profile
good, fam just grinding points and keeping active here. How’s your progress going? Already close to your next milestone?
it's on top of the list do done everyday
no just once a day for 20 masseges you can get points
Not just 100 chats!! You can talk about the project or about their recent updates
you can type /profile on and you will see your points
Haha, don't let him hack the bot
I have been waiting for several days now and still no news.
Try vote twice times / days. U can earn 30 point total
Al, have you woken up from your deep sleep ?
i bet 2 and win6 , don't like risks
How i can see my points?
iam from jupiter
Has anyone tried earning points from multiple message tasks in a single day?
they said yes but we dan't know exactly how it's working
Send 100 messages and you will get 20 points, right everyone?
yes just always check channel on engagerly i always get points that
How many points will you earn every day? I only earn 25 points a day.
Yeah I'm going to bed right now
Haha true bro, didn’t even realize we’ve been chatting this long time flies here!
It's a good day to rise up with OG! Let's go!
Thank you brother. Now I work
But we still have 27 days left . Don't worry
u can get 30 point per day mate
interactions in Twitter posts. What it looks like? like coment or repost
In one day just can get 20 poin. If you want get 2k poin in one day,you mush have to hack the bot engagement
Good morning. You woke up to choose Optimum
yes you can, just follow the task here and
Nah, not from Mars, but nice to meet you too!
good morning everyone
Were you not sleepy that day? 4 hours with nap?
Ahahaha, all want to get daily 10 points bro
Keep it real (c Jason Stathem
I am from Bangle. You can google it.
Good morning how are you
So far, I can only reach 25 points per day
Some are staying up, and others have just started their day depending on their time zone. The OG deserves all this challenge.
Good mornig everyone.Grand rising to you all
20 message gave you 80 points or your total is 80 points
Chat time really goes by quickly hahaha
working hard to keep this important role
it's also good you can colect 500 and try coin flip
No actual twitter posts right now, right?
Good morning bro! I’m doing great, how about you?
Yes , keep active daily , u will get it
You from Mars? Nice to meet you
If u get this - no important how, maybe that system just doesnt work
yeah it's like cheating they will be free grinding in a few days
There is not info now, but surely
Halar pu hala
chat 20 message you will have 10 point but limit 1 daily
have a great day sir. hope optimum be really huge
It's 3:47 am over here
lol right? time flies when you're chatting!
Keep grinding on the daily tasks!
When will the new mission be released?
no I mean all point for today's task
4 hours i sleep in one day,are i alien ?
Any info when twitter task is going to open guys
Send 20 messages. Very slowly. I just earn 80 points
You too bro!
true. im waiting for new tasks hope there's will be new tasks soon
I don't see it on Google
yep you can save this table and calculate points 10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts.
Thanks u too have a great day
How many in 1 day is possible?
yes still mystery but everyday get this tbh
good morning. How are you today?
I know about this already
how many points do u have now?
Morning! Let’s grab all the points today!
Need to do with very small amount of points if you win then increase gradually, it's the best way for coin flip
20 daily messages
what's your secret? how many hours do you sleep a day?
I am not lucky enough
have a great day sir, hope you have a good days
Fallow this step bro I will provide a way for you to maintain your OG.  Complete 20 message in general with 15 characters. Earn 10 points.  Claim daily - 5 points.  Vote once in 12 hours - 5 points per vote.  Engage x but it is not open yet. . Reply to messages in all channels - 5 points.
its morning still along day
Haha same bro, I agree safe grind is best. But yeah, can’t lie, still jealous of those who hit big points fast
better you reply another message or helping not spam
Not all bro,no, impossible to get 1000 poin in 1 day
Too shade, i think you need to stop doing this
balvan Which one is the same
Yes we are still up we are here for real ogs
Can I get 30 points every day?
Have a great day everyone, keep ptimum
It seems that, apart from discussing tasks, there’s no other topic to talk about.
Why are you guys still up?
15 characters how bro that is what u want you to break
Why 15? 10 Bro. In my message was 10
im agree with this but still jealous who got a lot point lol
morning, get all the points today
how many points have uyou lost?
Absolutely!  Let’s stay consistent and rack up those points together!
I’m too. I’m play coin flip but I lose 20 point
Do you like banana with chocolate? Its desert called Optimum
no privace channel. but they just didnt give tasks yet. wait for it ser
dont mind about those people, keep focusing on chatting ooptimum
You are posting contents
That isn't city. It is the great Bangle.
Correct, focusing on the chat can earn more points here, and there are new tasks coming soon.
Letsgoooo..u can do it
no bro,no alien i just real human,but i like alien,because alien never sleep.
me too, until now i don't know how to get this mate
Keep daily task
Optimum inspires me. working hard
Optimum morning to you all
mean every chat minimum have 15 characters, then after 20 chat, you will get points
Please stop sending the same repetitive messages; I'm not interested.
Yeah you can just do your tasks consistently and with some dedication, we will achieve everyone
Let's get this show on the road and be more active!
for sure, daily grind > risking it all, right?
yes you are right don't try to do that
What counts in general chat How yo earn 15 points by chatting
yeah just lose 20 point right now
Guys Reply msg gives 5 points, i did not get it how i mean we are replying each other here so we automatically get this
Yeahh let’s gooo get those points!
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts.
If you're consistent you will get more than that
Totally agree brother
Yeah true, coin flip is super risky. Better to just stay consistent with daily chec in, voting, and chatting slow but safe points.
bro we are human need sleep lol are you alien? lol
Maybe what he meant was vote bro, if we chat maybe we've got a lot of points
Okay, I understand, that's perfectly fine with me.
hows good now ?
not spam here please the same messages
What? Dont understand u bro
I haven't heard of the city before. I will check.
I want earn points to 1000 points before 15th 8
My location is Asia, you also from Asia? Btw nice to meet you
Wow, that was incredibly quick!
yes its very risky
I am from Bangle. You can google it.
its a gambling bro, gambling its bad idea in any situation
but it will quickly if u have lucky lol
don't bet if your points are still low
I dont know bro, i dont know how i get it in 2 days, but jusct try click all channel and reply guys i think
Yes, this is a challenge to keep only the real OGs. Stay active and participate
yes it very risky, but you know high risk high return brother
Lets get point
Elaborate mpre on 15 characters you mean?
Good morning everyone. Optimum is next crypto generation,keep bullish this project,and don't stop grinding and never sleep
You can also earn points by voting every day
maybe u can get luck next filp brother !
I don't understand you
get point in coin flip is very risky
bruhh, how many points u lose lol
Work so fast , just few seconds
It's fine, too
ok, got it, thanks Radheyyy
You can't earn 10 points every time, daily once or two times by chatting
which channel must we reply to get points?
Yeah, same hope here If they add regions, grinding will be way smoother and more fun for everyone
Hey! I'm from [Your Location], thanks, hope yours is great too!
Bay of Bangle
I want to play coin flip but I’m not lucky. I bore
yeah, i've done it and lost my points
cool, so we gotta split our votes wisely then!
Watch out for flash tasks & special events — instant extra points!
Okay, cool, so here's the lowdown on how I did it, no flexing just facts!
Thank you fam. I'm from Africa. What about you?
Optimum works so fast.
correct no post at the moment keep watching the channel
Fallow this step bro I will provide a way for you to maintain your OG.  Complete 20 message in general with 15 characters. Earn 10 points.  Claim daily - 5 points.  Vote once in 12 hours - 5 points per vote.  Engage x but it is not open yet. . Reply to messages in all channels - 5 points.
Welcome friend, Where are you from? Hope your day will be good
Everything's fine, I'm at work now, how are you?
I’m get 10 points for vote in a day
What's that, please elaborate
play flip coin
Instead of transmitting complete messages between peers, OptimumP2P breaks messages into coded shards that can be independently forwarded and mathematically recombined to reconstruct the original data.
Hopefully it can be done, hopefully there will be a region soon so it will be easier to grind
True that bro share the strategy, not just the flex. We all wanna learn how you did it
I can earn 20 points a day but that's too little what about you
Greetings how are you doing today
The same question I want to askit seems like it’s for everyone. There are no posts at the moment.
Yes bro, stay active to get more points
because this task is not yet available
When team publish any tweet on that channel, after that you can earn points by engaging
Thank you for the info
It's still very early here. greetings everyone
Morning bro! Hope you have an amazing day too, let’s grind those points together
Yes stay tuned may be team add some tasks there
vote for 5 pint every 12h
Optimum is truly great!
Tell us stop telling us your win without telling us how u achieve it
not all of these tasks. need more chat to get points,. how about you?
Yeah that's bad bro, you have to collect it from the beginning again
you mean discord bot list and top gg ?
yes but it will, so advice is dont play coin flip if u do daily task
yeah thank you i wish you have a good day too
Because in that chat will be post a twitter from mods
Let's get this show on the road and be more active!
no privace channel. but they just didnt give tasks yet. wait for it ser
They automatically add to your profile once you completed tweenty msgs but every msgs should be 15 characters
morning chat with us. Have you earned many points yet?
for sure, got ur back! let's do this!
okay vote task reads let's vote
Watch out for flash tasks & special events — instant extra points!
chat 20 message you will have 10 point but limit 1 daily
lose lose and win win. maybe if 1 times win can get more than 2 loses?
Don't take risks, my friend. There's still time and upcoming tasks. Stay active and watch for any updates.
Automatically bro, check in your rewards
privacy channel Why ?
yeah brother u can get automatically after 20 messages with 15+character
Morning bro, have a good day
better you reply another message or helping not spam
Daily log in, daily vote, you can also make tweets and submit engage and coin flip gamble.
Need to be active here
its like not win im bet 10 got 30 and bet again 5 maybe 4 times lose all hahaha
I know, right? The hype is totally insane!
Thanks for your response. Are the points added at the end of the day, or are they automatically added to the profile after 20 messages?
its a gambling bro, gambling its bad idea in any situation
Then let's work for me and for yourself. I don't have time for anything at all.
maybe two of them.. all of them. just try it and keep collecting points
you can vote every 12 hours to get 5 point every time
By voting brother you can earn 20 ppints per day
Wow, I didn't know
Maybe what he meant was vote bro, if we chat maybe we've got a lot of points
good morning optium fam
Am good too Whats going on there
There are two voting platforms, each one gives 5 points
yes they will automatically added your points after you send 20 messages
Thanks for your response. Are the points added at the end of the day, or are they automatically added to the profile after 20 messages?
Chat or vote?
Don't want to go to work
Oh keep going and keep collecting more
Hmm maybe they are keeping something secret, and making us find out
get point in coin flip is very risky
Hahaha, I knew you’d be, i will explain on our personal dm
vote on two website. top gg and the others. check on
Nice start, bro! Just keep checking in daily and chatting here, your points will stack up fast
Gmum, guys, have a great day! What plans on day u have ?
Gmum, bro, I am fine, what about you?
why? in announcment written 10 points per 20 messages - no any words about max
Go here type profile and you can see your rank
i only earn 5 pts every 12 hours, how can i get 10pts every vote ?
It's not too much trouble. How are you doing?
Heya bro how are you doing
Morning too bro, hope you have a good day too
No one confirmed this. I asked team too many times but they don't answer
i have 10 point
Yes bro, we really want this role to last
Haha yeah, bro! As long as we stay consistent, we’ll all hit 1K together
Let's goooo..each other,keep spirit
you can get points for chat every 12 hours
totally get it, every point counts! let's step it up!
There is a limit you can only earn 10 points a day when chatting
wtf how do u do it? i'm shocked
it's good to collect from task daily
Yes, that's right, friend, that is the limit for chat points.
Morning guys, have a nice day
Haha yeah, keep up the good work bro. I'm sure we all can do it
no tricks maybe its from doing all tasks and get points from these tasks
Grinding grinding grinding everyday, earn points
Only once. The maximum point you can get from chatting is 10 points
no i have i just lost 10points
Yeah then it's good i thought it's only me who is left out
How many points you have collected so far guys ?
20 points a day . You are not enough 1000 points
How do you do it Tell us stop telling us your win without telling us how u achieve it
just limit 10 points after 20 messages bro
Great work! Is it just from the chat?
u can get from general max 10 point in a day brother
Yeah, we're getting active, too
you can type /profile on and you will see your points
No you will get it bro, just set your alarm to remind you.
Every 12 hours you can earn 10 points for vote
Hopefully it can be done, hopefully there will be a region soon so it will be easier to grind
Do you like it already? It seems to take a lot of time.
Yeah, you said it right  and there’s limit too, you’ll only get 10 points max from messaging
coming soon and ama hope i dont miss it we need event channel to know the time
nice reminder thanks a lot
you can, trust me
Any reason for that brother ?? why you awake ??
Friends, can you earn points only once a day with 20 messages, or is there no limit?
How to ceck point
u can get from, daily chek in, vote, twitterr engage, cht on general
i dont think i can earn 20 pts/day by vote
i missed chat task yesterday  i wish X-engage open as soon as possile to earn more point.
Why bro wake up and come grind with us
️️ Optimum OG Role Update ️ To Keep Your OG Role Earn 1000 Engage Points Before 15th Sep - Daily Check In 5 Points - 10 Points For Every 20 Meaningful Messages - Join Weekly Events - Engage With Their Tweets For Upto 15 Points
Or is it possible that it doesn't show any tweets only for me ?
wow thats great man,. u r the best member
Stayed up late at night
Wow, 85 points in just two days? That's amazing!
I think messages from general will be counted anyway.
Woah that's cool, how did you collect so many points?
Just stay active every day check in, vote, chat with the community
it's a secret, let's explore mate
Jow to gey point
why i have 50 point in 3 days ???
Why bro wake up and come grind with us
wow it's really huge points in a day, but how ?
lol for sure, it’s all about those bonus vibes!
i'm have the same points like you. but take 3 days
but for now sharing content does not get points
Let's see how many active ones remain in a couple of weeks
Haha that's really not good bro, your points might run out
yes but with 20 points a day do you think you will get enough points by that day
Wow amazing What is your tricks?
i have 85 points in 2 days
i just 50 points
Why no tweets in
me just playing maybe 5 times 1 win and 4 lose
Yes bro, we really want this role to last
Q: How does Optimum’s flexnode model decentralize infrastructure? A: Optimum’s flexnode model distributes network roles dynamically across many independent participants instead of relying on fixed, centralized validators. This flexibility allows anyone to contribute compute, storage, or bandwidth resources, creating a more resilient, scalable, and censorship-resistant infrastructure.
Yeah, we're getting active, too
You can check my points in the using the command. It’s a top ||secret|| hahaha
Every day won’t be enough.
Gmum, guys, have a great day! What plans on day u have ?
How does Optimum’s flexnode model decentralize infrastructure?
This is just right, I totally agree with your opinion my friend
Yeah fr, it does look tough to reach  but with patience and strategy it’s definitely doable
Many people wanna retain their OG role
my apologies, my english grammer isn't good.
new events in the way it eazy to achive 1000 point
i hope for it + for twitter engage
Oh so you already check, yeah I did. Hopefully I’ll be reach 1,000 soon, it was too risky though
I'm too sleepy today.
I played a few times but lost points all the time, I think there will be engage and ama soon
Missing even one single point sucks, we need that 1k!
You can grind,stay active here
Stay consistent Don’t skip a day! Missing even one will set you back
No, bro. You have to work harder to collect them.
Who are you buddy?
The hype is so real and fantastic
hmm, i think there will have engagement too, so if dont wanna fast then dont play coin flip lol
Nice to see u Radheyy  how much points do u have?
Won twice, lost once haha. But not much.
Cool, tks for the advice
sad but true. dont miss even a single day to daily check in and vote
yes its so hard
lol for sure, same vibes here  u feel me?
Yes, that's very good, bro. If you play coin flip, your points might run out.
let's wait, friend
Missing a single is not good because we have collect 1k points
It's great that you're here, I wanted to tell you and Kolya everything today, but you're already here.
you can use 20 points for per bid in 5 times. Every time just select 1 side. you can easily win 3 times.
love optimum fams here. so kind and active keep doing it
hey, you too, you play gambling so many times, right?
vote in using /vote every 12 hours
yes its easy to get to 1000
i don't play flip , try hard to get point bro
You too fam Have you completed the task
but someday you will need lucky game coin flip. i have count we didnt make it 1000 pts if daily only 25 pts
how we get 20 pts/day by vote if we can only vote 12 hours/vote ?
yes that's right, push every day
Great buddy you are genius
Hey pegasus, good to see you here today. So happy.
sure, you can get it
maybe the team has prepare
first day not missing the first day
Only 75 points bro, how about you?
I just chat vs claim and vote I don't play luck games
you know about rewards +5 points from respon all channel?
Check out the link to keep your original role, buddy.
dont mind about others thought. keep focusing on collecting points every singel day
haha, and you're on a losing streak?
I have 100 points now. How many do you have?
how much you have bro? me too afraid lose point
Who are you, fren? I asked someone else about this
# Day 3 Reminder (max 30-40 points - Check in - 5 pts/day - Active in via meaningful messages - max 15 pts/day - Vote: and use /vote (12 hours/vote - max 20 pts/day  Report bots/farmers/copy-paste
thanks i bet a lot of points
That's great bro when have you started btw
lets keep safe our og roles. everyone will do same things
so why do you think i am a bot
Haha yeah, keep up the good work bro. I'm sure we all can do it
yes bet 3 or 4 but playing 10 times maybe worth
Okay, I'll explain it clearly so you can take notes – let me know if anything's unclear!
you can look at here to maintain your OG role mate
Ahhh, I see, play it with extra caution, start with less amount of points, all the best
nice i am currently at 90 will get to 110
Wow bro nice you can hit 1000 soon
We have to bet. There’s no other way.
yes, im just have 100 point today. haha
write this mate /profile and /vote for voting
That's absolutely right mate
Yeah it can either earn you more or cost you points
Meaning of you same bot
for sure! gotta stack those points like crazy!
i have 120 point for 4 day . Try hard bro , you can
gambling winner winning and you got more points. if you win
you can type /profile on and you will see your points
What do you mean by, could you explain. I think there’s something I need to take notes about
Hmm that's quite a lot bro, hopefully you can get more
yes yes i will do that ser, wish me luck on flip coin. i will play that later
yes its easy to get to 1000
Nah, I'm still looking to hook up with some awesome dudes.
You can only get a maximum of 100 points per day, so consider not leaving it until the last day.
Go to channel and use /profilr command
+5 bonus for daily respon all channel
go to mate, type /profile to check ur current point
good advice. i wil do that from now on
bot ?? you same bot
no, maximum points you can earn through vote is 10 pts/day not 20 pts
I have only 60 points now.
Yesterday I was win 5 in 4 times, and today I win 5 in 3 times.
That's awesome, keep up the good work with your daily prayers and helping out the elderly!
Yes I totally agree, slow but sure bro haha
Hope regarding what?  Good luck with everything, hopefully you make it too
how you chase
There are some bots here
how about your points right now bro
yes use all your bet per day
you can 35-40 points if all task you do it
don't flip I am afraid of losing points, because I have few points.
In voting you can get 20 points in 1 day, keep the chat active too
“Facts  discipline over greed any day. Slow grind to 1k is the real move
yes still no engage posts
You can do it fam.. Keep spirit
5 pts - checkin 5 pts - reply 10 pts - messages 10 pts- vote every 12 hrs
Already tried it 3 times haha.
trying to pray everyday. doing good things and help older lol
and dont forget we have coin flip lol
Oh, thanks for the advice fren. Coinflip is easy but sometimes can be a bit of a pain haha, especially the last bets
Runa r vuda diya pani pore
I will use option for last day, if i can't hit 1000 points
how much do you have currently
That's great news; no more annoying AI-generated spam!+
no that hard have fun while y do it
nothing bro . Im check many day
it is hard
how to gain big luck then win on coin flip
- You can vote every 12 hours to earn 20 points daily (Each vote = 5 points - Daily check-in gives you 5 points. - From this, you’ll earn 750 points. - To reach the target, you’ll need an additional 250 points from general chats. - For every 20 messages you send, you’ll earn 10 points.(Minimum 15 characters - You can try your luck in coin flip(high risk
yes bet 3 or 4 but playing 10 times maybe worth
Strong community and vision make Optimum stand out
how can we earn 25 pts per day guys
It's not that hard if
hey buddy grab points
for sure! can’t wait to see what you find!
Yes, if you are not lucky then your points will run out
they give you link to vote dot gg and discordbotlist you can click and vote'
“Well said  resilience + trust really set the foundation for long-term success. Excited to see how Optimum keeps building
control your greed wen betting points and you will reach 1000
25 pts/day or you can get more with coin flip
I am trying to achieve
You're a bot right?
alwyas select 1 side from flip coin
start with 1 point haha if losing streak bet 10 points. haha
Yes, that's right friend, how many points have you collected?
daily check-in │task-center = 5 points vote ⁠ │points-check type /vote = 5 points each per 12 hours grinding 20 meaningful chat = max 10 points per day replying other char = max 5 points per day betting your points ⁠ │coin-flip = depends on your luck
Just head over to and use the /profile command, it’s simple to do. Also by using /daily reward you can get 5 extra coins
good bro still wait task engage
go with coin flip
yes but you don't need to bet all points
how many point per reply other?
congrats, do you have many points?
you going to and type /profile
Thanks for voting! seems i did it.
you can type /profile on and you will see your points
Congratulations, now stack other task points
Only 25 points can be obtained per day
i hope It can he done brother
I'm not lucky. I don't play coin flip
no bro , you think me same bot ?
how to check point
Yeah stay active and earn as many points as possible
Ah, are you suggesting about coinflip?
Maybe like that. If not, it won’t be achieved haha.
yes but if can't manage or greedy i think will lost all points
i have 69
chud geya guru
still low you should be atleast 100 by now
I saw the vote and got the score successfully
Wow, that's cool! With this, you can hit 1000 before the deadline
welcomer here, how are you today
for real! we need those points to pop, lol!
That's great news; no more annoying AI-generated spam!
Woahh, it looks like a lot of friends
lets go bro make fun vibe in here
yeah, bro let chat to earn point
not sure wen twitter or AMA will be there better to get using coinflip
How bro someone said 35 points per day
it's easy. you just need to click, win or lose depends on luck
they give you link to vote dot gg and discordbotlist you can click and vote'
gotcha! let’s keep it chill and fun, what’s on your mind next?
You are on your own fam
how your today bro
For now i have 100 points brother
Besides earning points, what else can you do?
I think you should join coin flip, hahaha
Correct my friend
Only 75 point bro, how about you bro
Hey, good to see you. Stranik
Atleast AI generated random content has been stopped
its to minimize spammer, its good tho
Yeap I just keep an eye on them so I'll reach out the mod to kicked them out
for now focusing on this event maybe soon will be on
what if we lose it y lose 3 days
That’s pretty good, my friend. I only have 91.
Oh, good to see you. Julia
The best advise to far
how many points do yalll have guys?
No u can get up to 35 point
bro stop copy other's people message, you are really suspicious
I am afraid of losing points, because I have few points.
get to 1000 points asap to retain OG
That’s the spirit, good luck, fren, I know you’re gonna make it
Thanks for ur explain sir, we can keep grinding to reach the limit
Just be active. If you're skeptical, don't bet
OptimumP2P is a gossip mechanism based on RLNC, also known as Galois Gossip, that builds upon libp2p's GossipSub protocol
Do you have many points?
let's chat hard friend
Let's do this, fam! We gotta protect our OG crew.
Yoii lets goo bro, btw how are you bro
will there be optimum testnet ?
Exactly, Optimum drives value for the whole ecosystem
Its okay bro, anybody must know how he can save his og
you can play coin flip and get luck
I am afraid of losing points, because I have few points.\
Let's earn points together, everyone
I didn't get that part
What good will it do? After all it’s the end goal for everyone
ok i got it so lower point and higher
Scalability and security are at the heart of Optimum’s mission.
soon bro i'm only 60
thanks for the short summary helpful for new
optimum to the moon guysss
sounds good! i’ll hit those msgs up asap ️
Yeah, for now. There will be more tasks soon
Let's go friend. We are all here to keep our OGs
yeah keep trying bro.
totally! it’s like tech meets everyday vibes, right?
What do you mean by reply messages to all channels?
Fallow this step bro I will provide a way for you to maintain your OG.  Complete 20 message in general with 15 characters. Earn 10 points.  Claim daily - 5 points.  Vote once in 12 hours - 5 points per vote.  Engage x but it is not open yet. . Reply to messages in all channels - 5 points.
I am afraid of losing points, because I have few points.
I have 100 what about you
sure, i play and lose points
i am currently on 90 will i make it above 100
What your plans for today brother ???
Everything’s written in the most recent post in , have a look through, by the way, are you actually looking for help or just replying randomly, cos you didn’t tag anyone, just wrote it out on your own
The team should open the racing competitive for 1st to 3rd. Who hit 1000 points first
as i know yes mate
Pls don't spam messages here, let's connect and vibe
how many points do guys have?
nice! off to a great start! keep it rolling!
You can get 30 max. If you bet, you can get more
What do u mean breaking news lol
daily check-in │task-center = 5 points vote ⁠ │points-check type /vote = 5 points each per 12 hours grinding 20 meaningful chat = max 10 points per day replying other char = max 5 points per day betting your points ⁠ │coin-flip = depends on your luck
sure, i play and lose points
Yeap I just keep an eye on them so I'll reach out the mod to kicked them out
Only 30 in a day for now?
make sure to vote in
please kindly respond
you can chatting, claim daily point and other task
Yeah, I don't think people realize that at times
i dont know i usually bet lower and higher in next bet
I come from Asia.
Just check this out how to earn points to reach 1000
I see how hardworking you are — you truly deserve to reach 1,000 points right now.
participate in all the available tasks daily
if so then great my friend
Can I only get 25 a day?
you must be confident and strong haha
bet on coinflip that's what i menant
Its just a gambling bro, no? I think it isn good grinding points strategy
We have been waiting forever. This is breaking news
How to earn 1000 points to maintain og role
The chat word count must be 15 words per sentence
Not really if you're consistent to show up buddy, keep it up
What do you mean? This campaign ends in 15th september, if you finish and reach 1000 points before then, your OG will be safe, otherwise it won’t
wait for engagement and ama posts, chat and check in alone is not enough for 1k points
You are not given a point, right?
holly f.... huge point ! whats your trick?
Check out how to earn points
every day you try to earn 100 points
nice! off to a great start! keep it rolling!
same- don't see this information anewhere
Yeah bro. How many points do have
most of here more than 100 points by playing gmbaling
Bet you? I dont understand you mate
That’s too little if what’s expected is 1000 points.
yes i will try to get 100 today by coinflip
The upcoming Twitter Engage tasks should be able to earn a bit more points; otherwise, it’s totally not enough.
y change your pfp to gamble hahah
alot of guy above 200 mate
It's really hard to earn these points.
idk many people have some issue, but for me it's working like usual
sounds good! i’ll hit those msgs up asap ️
congrats bro keep up the good work .try hard bro
What do you mean by reply messages to all channels?
twitter tasks will be open soon
I see someone has over 100 points.
Dear brothers, come on and get points
It's not enough. There are still 24 days left.
Have upvote diiscordbot and I was given point or is there anything am not doing right
Hmm.. vote not working
5 pts - checkin 5 pts - reply 10 pts - messages 10 pts- vote every 12 hrs
Tell me more about it, but in your own words
You can earn points via different ways
Optimum provides an advanced solution for data management in Web3, efficiently addressing issues of speed, security, and decentralization.
Yeah, i am aware, few days ago they posted an announcement about it, saying they’ll reach people with their flag and then create a regional channel
need to bet harder
Complete 20 message in general with 15 characters. Earn 10 points.  Claim daily - 5 points.  Vote once in 12 hours - 5 points per vote.  Engage x but it is not open yet. . Reply to messages in all channels - 5 points.
Will you get 1000 points?
yeah bro . Im afraid of losing points, because I have few points.
It's really hard to earn these points.
Same count buddy. Let's go together
by compleating the task like chatting 20 msg/day, vote, etc. you can see it in here
How can I earn points?
ask the team, Nude dance should be good. :
It's really hard to do, I only earn that little bit of points every day.
Fallow this step bro I will provide a way for you to maintain your OG.  Complete 20 message in general with 15 characters. Earn 10 points.  Claim daily - 5 points.  Vote once in 12 hours - 5 points per vote.  Engage x but it is not open yet. . Reply to messages in all channels - 5 points.
Yeah just report them if you're found new bot hahahah
Exactly. Very slowly. Only 30 points in a day
Exactly, I only earn that little bit of points every day..
Aynone above 100 or 150 or 200 ?
Optimum bridges technology with real-world utility.
Can i take points for dancing?
What is actual time in your area now ??
leverages Random Linear Network Codes (RLNC, chosen for their flexible structure, which avoids costly distributed synchronization primitives.
How to earn 1000 points to maintain og role
Have upvote diiscordbot and I was given point or is there anything am not doing right
regional channels will open soon
Only 25 points can be obtained per day
Not really I'm scared to touch that kind of game now
The points earned in one day are too few and not enough.
There is still time Don't complain now And get to work
its hard to get 1000 point
be active bro, if the team grant points for creators content i think that should better than now
bet high point in coin flip you will get it
Good morning, brother.
Oh thats good, all the best, Julia!
how much do you have total point bro?
Continue working tomorrow, it's really hard to bear.
Yeah, i seen it, Today i think we seen a little than yesterday
It is ... I want more point but I don't get it the system
that's a huge number, so impressive
Happy Nice New day all of you guys
Tell me more about it, but in your own words
nice! off to a great start! keep it rolling!
Yes friend, time for optimum to shift to the next level
How did you earn such amount of points?
im not lucky enough to be able to try it and will back tommorow again
i have 15 points. seems not easy
Would be great if you speak in english, currently there’s not a local channels
you must be confident and strong haha
Optimum provides an advanced solution for data management in Web3, efficiently addressing issues of speed, security, and decentralization.
yeah i can see that too, lots of bots copy other people's messages and provide context that wasn't asked for
You’re not making sense, bro. Enough.
how much point you collect?
Yeah, I don't think people realize that at times
im not lucky enough to be able to try it and will back tommorow again
Yeap I just keep an eye on them so I'll reach out the mod to kicked them out
Wow, 210 points? I'm not sure how I earned them, it's a mystery!
any other task exxect chatting
Completely agree with you mate
u can check guide in - it will be hard, but real
how sad, i thought you know before 18 august, dont give up we still have time
Coins are gambling. If they are gone, then there is nothing left.
True that fren, especially coinflip tough one but that’s what makes it worth doing, OG aint a free role anyone can get
That's great, I lose both, no matter higher or lower I always lose both haha
almost from coin flip bro
Fallow this step bro I will provide a way for you to maintain your OG.  Complete 20 message in general with 15 characters. Earn 10 points.  Claim daily - 5 points.  Vote once in 12 hours - 5 points per vote.  Engage x but it is not open yet. . Reply to messages in all channels - 5 points.
you should be bored when you don't have enough points before 9/15 but typing every day I find it interesting
Yeah bro, its rly problem in that chat, but-hunt chat is workin
Yes, let's see what optimum has for the community
210 point? how it's possible
what is gambling? i played only flip coin
u need to try ur best, i think not hard too much
still new tasks to do x and events
What? You are has 210 points. How do you earn points?
So many bot out here
i lose lower and i win higher point
any other task exxect chatting
try to keep replying others chat. and check again later
Follow this step bro I will provide a way for you to maintain your OG.
you have to to get more point
you know the ball bro hahaha i call this new paradigm shift
it is too little, it is hard to get 1k point\
What's the problem friend?
Indeed, this task is really difficult to do.
hard but not impossible. keep the fighting to collect more and more pts
Hahahh, julia’s here How are you doing mam?
Wow That's incredible
not yet except someone winning in gambling
i'm fine and just came in to do the quest to earn points have you completed it yet ?
Yeah, I know, getting 1000 points is a real grind!
The points earned in one day are too few and not enough.
you can get many point if you play ⁠│coin-flip . I'm afraid of losing points, because I have few points.
maybe a food taster or a travel vlogger? ️
Let’s stick with Optimum and be part of those who try it out and see the promises it delivers in reality.
This task is really difficult to do.
you think so.. so they provide coin flip to gamble. but how to win in such gambling game hahaha
I'm so bored, thinking about typing characters every day.
I have chatted more than 20 messages today and still have not received the coin
have u checked it? what is status of voting?
Yesterday Some friends show me they hit 350 points, they use flip gambling. And i think few people can hit 500 points or more.
check again bro , i think you check careful
That's hugeee, I guess you're very lucky on that point flip
y need to gamble with higher points
Oh hey my fren. I’m doing as usually great today, how’s for you? Everything going well?
how much point you collect?
The main reason is that the points added each time are not much.
nah im too late to start. im busy with my work this month. i dont know if i can make it or not. sad...
no engage post yet
Not really if you're consistent dude, it's ez if you're consistent show up here and do daily check in
lets go bro, we can did it
Exactly, Optimum’s impact goes beyond ETH strengthening blockchain as a whole
Well let’s see then.. but it’s not impossible. Keep up with the good work my friend
i now have 210 point
I don't think it's possible at all
alright thankyou mate but i didnt received my vote points since yesterday
what ! are you real bro? i thought we active before task open, i have maybe 100++
play gamble then its easy to 500 points
i have 15 points - started today
Yeah probably, there are people who might already reached but they gambled their points lol, too risky
You can vote and daily check in for more points, vote is every 12 hours
I’m with you on this one.. Go OPTIMUM PRIMES
agree. hope we all can make it to collect 1k points in the end of date
we all can do it
any other task exxect chatting
vote, twitter engagement coming soon
soon there will be another task like engagee on
Yeah, it sounds awesome, let's hope Optimum delivers on its promises!
helo my friend, how are u doing ?
yes bro, the better the activity, the more tokens you will get from aidrop in the future
have a good here today. How about you bro ?
Hey, good afternoon everyone, how are you all doing todayv
ii think no its hard maybe in the next 2 days
per 2-3 days 20 points goood bro
Has anyone reach 300 points
no any tips. just doing what we can do for optimum
not yet except someone winning in gambling
Staytune bro, i think team will reaveal soon
What’s a fun job to be doing right now?
any other task exxect chatting
Still a lot, keep it up buddy you can do it and you will earn 1000,believe on yourself
I’m with you on this one.. Go OPTIMUM PRIMES
Let's go friend. We are all here to keep our OGs
All task available to get points daily check-in │task-center = 5 points vote ⁠ │points-check type /vote = 5 points each per 12 hours grinding 20 meaningful chat = max 10 points per day replying other char = max 5 points per day betting your points ⁠ │coin-flip = depends on your luck More ways to earn may come soon
u need to try ur best, i think not hard too much
A truly promising project let’s see what Optimum will deliver in reality. It will indeed be a quantum leap
thats what make me bullish about the project good for blockchain not just ETH
im not complaint. but i thinks its very hard to achieve 1000 pts points for only september 15
i feel that! gotta grind it out. any tips?
how many points do you have
why my vote point didn’t in?
any other task exxect chatting
Do anyone hit 500 points at this time?
I got10 points, you need 1000 points by 9/15 to keep the OG role
That’s right. But hopefully.
Doing this every day takes so much time!
I'm fine bro.. do you know how to check how many chats have I had today?
Optimum is an atomic read/write memory designed for Web3 environments, addressing the unique challenges posed by asynchronous communication, high node abort rates, decentralized decision making, and the presence of potentially malicious nodes.
lets go bro, we can did it
you can get many point if you play ⁠│coin-flip . I'm afraid of losing points, because I have few points.
only 87 points ser. how about you? how much point did you had right now
let's try to get 1000 points
Exactly . I love being with optimum
You have a lot point 197 woww I'm speechless, that's huge, I now only have 100,please wait me lol
Don’t complain just be consistent with this, other tasks are yet to be launched
yo Arian long time no see how much point you collect?
consistent is the key brother
All task available to get points daily check-in │task-center = 5 points vote ⁠ │points-check type /vote = 5 points each per 12 hours grinding 20 meaningful chat = max 10 points per day replying other char = max 5 points per day betting your points ⁠ │coin-flip = depends on your luck More ways to earn may come soon
you can play coin flip and get luck
i dont know eithers. but lets keep active here everyday and try our best to collect points
if we consistant we can get it easily
You have to talk that much to get a score.
True, deeper dives into DeRAM and RLNC will show Optimum’s real edge
ok thanks for information sir..
Not really if you're consistent dude, it's ez if you're consistent show up here and do daily check in
Have voted and was given 5point, chatting 10point, response to chat 5point and 5point from daisy check in. That's all 25point. So, where is the additional task of 15point
good day everyone
just contribute daily bro
Indeed, a challenge to keep only the real ones, and it seems that new tasks will be added to boost points.
for me i wouldnt touch that coin flip hahaha
go to and command /profile. you will know your points so far
It's so hard to earn 1000 points, I only have 15 points right now.
you're right, how can this get 1k pts
Pretty good here today. How about you ?
go to and send /profile to check overal points
you can type /profile on and you will see your points
Wow how did you get 100 points ?
how to cek point sir..?
How are you sir
What’s a fun job to be doing right now?
yes dev wanna us to consistantly support this project
Exactly, Optimum drives value for the whole ecosystem
for sure! daily vibes keep us close, let's do it!
just try you will sure win
The gambling is not on our side
see history bro
still only 20 points i guess. need more than that
wow, that's a lot of points
for real broooo don't make me jealous
everything in crypto is about community. community is the key ser. Optimum have really huge and solid community
campain end in September 15
It seems there are additional tasks to boost points.
I'm fuvkup lol, 30 points is so much point and I'm regret it:
twiter engage task soon bro
I got 89 points, you need 1000 points by 9/15 to keep the OG role
morning my fruiend, how a u doing ?
That will take a long time.
Congratulations brother. I hope i lucky too
Yeah, web3 is in another level with optimum
impossible. hope they give us another and more tasks to collect points. right
Do forget end users, validators, developers also benefits from optimum as well. I strongly believe OPTIMUM is limitless and it’s for everyone
campaign ends on 15 september
200 point now
This task just start 2 days ago, and until the deadline is 15 September, so we still have a lot of time
how many points do you have, if there is no more mission i will not have enough
Morning all. How about today?
until september 15 ser. still have many days but not easy to get 1k points
Oh i just bet 2 points and lost it lol
It's so hard to get 1000 points!
dont you dare bro hahaha better playing save collect daily
yes twice on both platform
There are really important things coming up with Optimum in the future. It’s backed by big investors like 1kx, showing that experts believe in its potential to change blockchain technology
go with me bro
Maybe soon, keep an eye, for now only general channel is live, hope regional channel will live asap
How many days are left to complete the task?
maintaining it turns out to be difficult, guys
You get bro. Optimum is a game changer
don't worry, we'll all be enough
let's try together, about 20 days left, it's a big challenge
Wow how did you get 100 points ?
for real og we can defeat spammer from that. but yeah only minimze. hope there's another ways
if you don't use bot to chat please reply to my message
That's voting twice in a day right?
that's awesome, congrats
how many points y have omg
Congrats! Your 40 points bet won you 120 points!  new better bro
all good mate
click the link bro topgg and discordlistbot
is it possible when you have no tasks other than chat and daily
I lost 30 points today!! What a shamee arghhhhhhhh
when will we have local channel boss?
for sure, let’s make it pop! excited for it ️
Let’s go! Being an OG requires adventure and challenge. Only a few days left collect the points and don’t stop. Good luck to everyone
Happy Thursday to all of you
You need to click to connect authorization.
sure bro, the real og will be win
bro. stop that, bot because I spoke good English? I studied English
I afraid you don't enough 1000 points
currently not available still in the process of OG purge
discordbotlist 5 point per 12 hours votedotgg 5 point per 12 hours
If there is a local channel, newbies will get more support.
Congrats! Your 40 points bet won you 120 points!  but i won
Practical examples of applications that benefit from Optimum across different networks: Blockchain games Decentralized finance (DeFi On-chain artificial intelligence General Web3 applications
its like lost 100 point till now.. now i stop gamling and just collect point from daily and vote
The vote has not been displayed.
As in reply to messages
Henlo guys whats going on
Cool, let's crush that 1000-point goal, checking daily!
how many points you had right now mate?
I got 89 points, you need 1000 points by 9/15 to keep the OG role
It’s rare to see a project offering non-traditional solutions. It’s truly a promising project all networks will benefit from Optimum
Morning all friend
maybe later team will create regional channel for us
Have voted and was given 5point, chatting 10point, response to chat 5point and 5point from daisy check in. That's all 25point. So, where is the additional task of 15point
what if we lose it y lose 3 days
yes something like that, but more deep research we not yet talk aboute DeRAM RLNC etc.
I agree optimum delivers benefits across the entire blockchain ecosystem
we can defeat spammer from that. but yeah only minimze. hope there's another ways for real og
yes bro do it, we must read carefully if we want success
yess will stop gambling start from today brother.. just collect daily and vote to got point
Yes, bro. I read English in school
So which one is the additional 10point
Lol how many points have loss so far?
whats good sir.. is there any update today? like region chanel
sure, the sooner the better
you can check your points day by day. hope we can get 1000 pts soon
Real-time updates and lower latency — making Web3 games much closer to the responsiveness of traditional Web2 games.
its to minimize spammer, its good tho
for sure, grind those points! let's goooo
I think these things are really torturous.
That means I still have oneore vote to go
Absolutely, a real game-changer for blockchain performance
there's will be local channel. but stay tuned. keep active in here
oh okay, let me try it
Great, looking forward to wrapping it up!
what optimum is decentralized infrastructure that makes block propagation faster and safer
haha, you should save up and flip coins with small values, I will try again, haha
Alright. Never knew before
when will we have local channel boss?
how many point do you have sir?
hope ur not a bot good words
20 point bro, there was discordbotlist and vote dot gg
Chatting 20 times only gets 10 points, it's really torture
Good day How did the crypto event go? I hope you had fun
and you won ? yesterday im gambling my point 10 and won but lose again 2 times
Optimum is a project built on resilience and operational trust
Of course, and this is a quantum leap for improving network performance, especially for blockchain games.
maybe today will stop visit coin flip haha
all random people here. you can respond reply to chat
I think we will finish it soon.
2 vote per 12 hours discordbotlist and vote dot gg
yes bro if you chat 20 messages you will get 10 points
10 point per 24 hours right
Which one is respond to chat
sad but true. but its really hard to get 1000 point. i just had 70 points. hahaha its hard for working people like me
oh my gosh. haha you shouldn't go all in
Okay thanks bro
Please speak English.
you are so lucky, keep going
it's easy. you just need to click, win or lose depends on luck
no bro its free, we got 5 point per vote
Have voted and was given 5point, chatting 10point, response to chat 5point and 5point from daisy check in. That's all 25point. So, where is the additional task of 15point
hahahah nah just kidding bro just not have time
happy new day, sir
just lost my point at coin flip bro.. now my point showing zero
Optimum builds decentralized infra for faster, safer block propagation
tomorrow betters right
Will i use points to vote?
My G, are you on CoinfestAsia?
I see hahaha
I was asking my friend some questions he was wondering about.
No I think it's 20 messages
for sure! just gotta keep grinding for those points!
whats good sir.. is there any update today? like region chanel
if you are lucky then just 4 times like that is enough points kk
That is lucky only i don't know tomorrow
10 points for 20 chat max 20 points per day
take it easy for vote
so unlucky, bro
Keep betting, you will have 30 points. trust me
No i don’t agree with that.. is this really difficult
Have you accumulated many points?
Happy to help buddy
Decentralized ok optimum ai
Is there a bonus for sending a message longer than 15 characters here?
decentralized infrastructure that makes block propagation faster and safer maybe like that
they give you link to vote dot gg and discordbotlist you can click and vote'
After i select that will it automatically vote or i need to do other things ?
This is obvious man, I'm not new.
So sad. There are only 24 days left and I don't have enough points.
but verry funn brotha. u need to try
go to site and vote it's easy
57 / 5.000 I think only betting will get 1000 points in 1 month
Oops! Your 10 points flipped away. Better luck next time!  now i have 0 point
yess that correct bro.. you can vote 2 time a day
We are still on private test, no information yet about public test, keep an eye on announcement and wait for further information
let me earn more point to bet 100 per one
no one can help you but yourself
How to vote after i send the command?
25 points a day is not enough.
aiit. No testnet activity yet?
If we win we can double our bet points
its good, what about you mate?
i have to pay my debt bro hahaha
Points: use /profile  Checkin: use /daily reward  Voting: use /vote  Coin flip: use /fun flip # where?
its so risk
high bet of mine is 20 point
Tell me sir
you go to channel then select /vote and /votepoint
go here and type /vote
oh my :. so sad to ou bro
I bet in pro.
Can you go all in 100 points at once and try your luck?
send /vote on there are 2 votes every 12 hours
keep make some noise everybody. loveing optimump2p vibes
where do you mean like button
keep it up i think you will get 1000 soon
Oops! Your 15 points flipped away. Better luck next time!  lol 2x times
i dont want to lose my og roles. please
right? makes it a wild guessing game
155 point bro
Pls can someone tell me how to vote am stil stuck at 45?
I read and saw that you can vote once every 12 hours.
lol so risk, I dont play it 
keep make some noise everybody. loveing optimump2p vibes
good gambler bro, this is first in this day?
How many points do you have now
how u can many point beo
Can you explain a little more?
Welp optimum is a decentralized network that can be run by anyone and permissionlessly connects to any blockchain
allin gamble bro ,quickly way to 1K point
its done brother.. you can claim tomorow again claim daily and also vote
I'm great bro. What do you understand about Optimum?
ah okay, let's try, how many points can I get
u re so lucky bro
i have 120 point after 3 day
But you got to be smart not to lose the one's you work for, although it is a booster and also gambling
you don't know there will be X interaction missions to earn extra star points
Lol you have a lot monay, you've jackpot dont lie
Which button are you talking about?
thank you, how many points have you earned?
which like button are you referring to ?
X2 in next bet
I saw the vote and got the score successfully
congrats mate, so luck
what like button you mean sir?
nah i dont have money for go to bali
noted fam.. just finish making vote brother
That's great 110 Is great
is the X interactive mission to earn more points bro'
so good man you are so lucky
Why is the like button not successful?
for real! we need those points to pop, lol!
with a maximum daily bet of 100 points, take advantage of it
its good, what about you mate?
congrats sir you get it
this voting part of the tasks I’m not sure this was stated or am I missing something here. try earn some point
You need to flip the coin , head or tail with your point
congrats! in flip-coin?
one day you can earn 10 points from vote
what u mean bro?
x task not yet mate
what's today's massion on twitter?
20 from vote 10 from chat 10 from checkin so 40 a day
Congrats! Your 15 points bet won you 45 points!  like me
Real question. What's optimum all about?
what kind of error do u have? i just did it
what you mean? response in all channel?
Nope unfortunately I have others priority atm,are you come?
Is this voting part of the tasks I’m not sure this was stated or am I missing something here
what is that message and what does it say ?
I'm here friend. What's up
That is why it is good to ask questions and you will be answered, but be wise
vote 2 time.. at bot gg and also ate captcha verify bot
Have you got mission X today, my friends?
I meet the same problem with you
yes i hope like 20 point lol
That's also a pretty impressive number.
make sure you are voted, because i just do vote and got the point
waw lucky, how many times did it
Do mean without coinflip we get more point. How?
good morning everyone, i dont know how message already sent this day
use command /profile here
Congras. try get to 1000 point. soon
Yes hope the task live asap so we will get more point faster
Optimum is setting new standards for decentralization.
it's ok, you can still earn your coins before the deadline
it's terrible that I cannot get my points of voting
That's the hope Bro
Nice to meet you. I get 110 points
ser Xintex gmum, you not come on coinfestasia?
gamble from citre to here
Discordbotlist not work for vote
Voting for the bot every 12 hours gives you 10 points each time — so that’s 20 points daily. Add 5 points for check-in, 10 points for sending 20 messages, and 5 more for replying to messages.
What task are you referring to let me help clarify that
Real, everyone is bussy today especially here on discord, the flow never stop
The next upcoming Twitter Engage tasks should be able to earn a bit more points; otherwise, it’s totally not enough.
for sure! it's like playing poker with no cards lol
I earned over 200 points from playing
Good morning everyone. Are you still rolling? Hahahahahahaha
I'm not lucky. I don't play coin flip
Minimum 2 points per bet, maximum 10 times and 100 points in 1 day
yo bro, good morning sir. it's been a busy day
and gambling all haha
how can i check my points? !points don't work
chat , vote ,check in. What else is there to earn points for?
come on chat with me hahahha
we can get more than 25 a day
Yo guys just woke up today, you guys crazyy never stop gg
Thanks for voting! seems i did it
With 25 point per day and other engagement one will achieve it
maybe a little more if lucky
see you arround brother.... I know about that but I don't know how to complete that task cause not specific
How many points do you bet at a time?
so you want OG without nothing?
You can earn up to 40 points per day
seems it will be hard( work work work
That is what we see guys
You can flip a coin to get more points.
I earn my points the honest way: check-in, chat, reply, and vote daily an then try my lucky at flip coin
click on the link and there you will be able to vote
The team behind Optimum clearly knows where Web3 is headed.
use the second one discord bot list
for real, it’s low-key hidden, right?
This project is so difficult. You also need to earn points.
Q4: Do my points update in real-time? A: Sometimes yes, sometimes no. Points may: Update instantly after hitting the chat quota
I thing 1 day max is 25 point. why did you earn 140 point
that ratio is very rare
you too mate, where are you from?
But the statement all channel
The upcoming Twitter Engage tasks should be able to earn a bit more points; otherwise, it’s totally not enough.
Usually, +20 points/day , but some days may have uncapped chat missions, letting you earn more if you’re active.
There are only 24 days left. It's so hard.
how to vote? don't understand. on top gg?
not yet but i will be trying soon hopefully i win
me to brother lets do this together
To get what friend?
On a blockchain, this “last mile” of propagation is where gossip slows to a crawl. Every new peer a node contacts is likely to respond
we need request this task for real lol i will make meme
have a nice day my friend hahaha
I’m not into gambling. I earn my points the honest way: check-in, chat, reply, and vote daily
Congrats! How do you make money doing that?
what do you mean by sample device
OK brother. I hope i can to earn 1k points
so do i. lets keep chatting until get reweards
but if you win 4 and lose 6,you still have the word
Coins are a gambling game
good day brother
making memes can get points? Or get a role?
just 10 point a day bro
i still dont understand how to get from response in all channel means
not compulsary but you won't reach the target
25 to 30 points per day
Which one is sample device
Congratulation. how to earn. you ?
50% 50% This is all based on luck sir
woow how do you get so much points sir
How many points can I earn from chat daily?
good results, it was hard?
yes I know about that but I don't know how to complete that task cause not specific
don't forget to vote in every 12 hours
for sure! let’s hustle and hit those goals!
we have another event like community call X engage bro
grinding from chat, checkin, and vote will get 25-35 daily i think, and ill wait for community call and twitter engage later
did you try it?how about your feelling
yes we all hope the best for optimum og. gl
And if could ask is compulsory to play the coinflip
how much winning ratio he get from coin flip
️ 10 points for every 20 substantial messages in
Up to today, I’ve earned a total of 140 points.
we can check history reward from task center, your rewards
don't bet on 1 flip simple divide and bet
I see a lot of people playing with coins, which is a gamble in itself.
what. why?? why do you think so
yes mate we hope for the best gl
yes mate will be remove better we still active lol
only 20 poitns per engage. hope they give so much engage tasks
This is risky, what if one doesn't win, you will loose point
Good luck trying to win 1000! Let's see if you can do it!
Gmum & welcome to the Optimum discord!
Lost playing coin?
don;t bet everthing on 1 trade divide your points
we wait for twitter engage friend. we should get some points there
I don't know you can check on history reward
good luck on flip coin everyonee lets make 1000 points
This kind of project is really not possible
My bet has been completed
what do you mean doesn't make sense
yes i have count and its impossible. so play coin flip broo
have a nice day bro, how are youu doing?
35 points a day, and only 840 points on the 15th
50 : 50
oh ya, oke i try for win 1000
for sure mate gmbling the except the 1k
1000 points seems impossible to get
where its noticed? don't see
On which channel
Nice let's see i haven't started my bet yet
how to get points from response tasks?
true, 5 points /1 vote sir. let do it
maybe OG is for the coinflip winner
It is getting interesting
That is lucky only i don't know tomorrow
ugh, i feel that! let’s rack up those votes!
sometimes everyday get ''5 points earned from daily 1-response task in All Channels''
What does it say
if that day i can get 1000 points maybe i will do gambling
there is no max, because you can coinflip
it has risk but the winning prob is more
use command /vote here bro
ah okay, that means I have 2 times the chance per day
Yes thats right
that still high ration win. most people only get 30% win rate
You can simply earn 10 points per 20messages no spamming
Are you sure bro?
yes friend lets go we grind this
So I think this is hard to get and hard to maintain.
in what channel i can vote?
nah max got 10 point a day
60% win and 40% lose
It means that it is fixed to send messages 20 times a day
no, 5points for each voting
keep moving guyss,hope we all can get 1000 points
Here you can bet with your points
That is lucky only i don't know tomorrow
yep have a good day all. its time to earn more points
unless we can not get 1000 points
I should be able to reach 110 minutes
the announcement does not say that the maximum is 10 points per day
use command /vote, go to links >>vote (12hours/1
Hahaha you can use a feeling
35 points a day, and only 840 points on the 15th
how much winning ratio he get from coin flip
yes friend we need to work this to maintain our og
have a good day everyone ,it's time to get points
betting has risks? or no
I have earned quite a few points from , trust mee
Morning guys How much point have you made totally?
i will probably try for 120 points for today
What's comflip and how does it work
a lot of points,we mush work hard to reach that points
How many points can I earn from chat daily?
With Optimum, long-term growth feels inevitable.
optimum delivers reliable internet speeds
very serious task. if we didnt get 1000 pts, our og role will be removed
But your winning ratio is higher
i work for tesnet sir. how about you?
yes but minimum can get 35 points
I feel like 35 minutes a day until the 15th is not enough
Please show me how I can play Flip and always win
There’s no max point per day.. your consistency can only be rewarded that’s all
every 20 messages?
how to vote and what is the maximum vote per day?
yes why not keep betting on coinflip
That's a serious task
hey, doing good thx! u? any plans today?
i hope that so. better fast to give tasks from today.
Daily max is 40 points, but honestly, it’s tough to reach that without keeping track of vote timing
Let's try our best and leave the rest
you can get max 20 points a day by vote
Does anyone have a way for me to always win at FLIP?
Yes from chat
maybe around 30-40 point a day
Every 12 hours you can voting 2x
10 points only per day with 20 messages
around 1000 you have to get before 15th sept
Let's try our best and leave the rest
daily check in on and vote on
Good afternoon all how to do it is still able to continue the daily assignment
I think the project will add more quests to earn points
yes 5 points from vote top gg and 5 points from another vote
Goto claim daily, chat 20 msg with 15 character and vote
what you mean verification?
Wkwk it is not good mate I will not play it again it is a risk game becarefull of that
max points for grinding a day ?????
you can read the campaign here
it's maximum that i can get?
Can I get 10 points for voting once?
There are few but not many maybe we reach 1000 before twitter task
we can do this. keep the spirit . for optimum
unless we can not get 1000 points
Yeah,ok.. let's guide the OG
lucky you fren,before i have 60 points but lose on coin flip 20 points and i'm afrain to play again
10 points from chatting. 20 chatting in here genral channel
need any verification before?
In search bro, you type from + username
yes.. it's normal is everyday complete task
Please what's the maximum point to retain the OG role
you wellcome, have a good day sir
maybe but people lose as well on coinflip
we need more new task,
agree. lets ask mod to give us more tasks and more points.
How many points can I earn from chat daily?
Come on man!
Welcome mate have a nice day
no bro, for now ill not take the risk, play safe
Welcome Optimum mate Good day
yesss,we need more taskto reach that points
guys how can i start in og tasks?
daily claim (5, messages (10, and voting 2x every 12 H (20
Maybe gamble above 140+ haha
Pro Tip: Engage in real conversations — these are less likely to get filtered.
you cant. grinding only give us 10 points daily.
that's a tight deadline, hope u made it count!
It's time to raise my points
i have 100 point now. i win on
I only have 90 points right now :( Miss some votes points
You are doing good Share your strategy
try it now, I think you won't lose haha
if by grinding cant achieve 1000 when 15 sept, then ill do flip haha
Just joined now... Hope am welcomed?
you need 960 more points . still long way to go
What time does the task reset?
Currently at 88 points hoping to finish above 100
Are we to achieve this target daily
i see alot guy above 200
There are many, my friend! Someone has 400 points.
60% win 40% lose
We need to be strategic with our points otherwise we run the risk of losing everything
Oh really.. why do you think so
i only have 40 points now,need more work
search on right top. from your username
good day fam enjoy your day
this Day 4 maybe around 354 = 140 points
Yeah friend. Let's wait and what comes
How did you get 35 points? I only got 25 points.
But you normally win right
Where can I check the number of messages I have sent?
Yooo buddy, how are you doing
Wow, that's amzing bro, you are lucky man
have a good day sir. how are you
thats why ill wait till 10-14 september bro
Yeah sometime with small point just for fun not seriously
Anyone above 150 points or 100 ?
how many points we can get from grinding here a day??
Once you reach the required number of valid messages (e.g. 20, your points are credited automatically.
I'm really convinced. 25 a day is not enough.
Thank you mate and you too buddy
around 35 points everyday it's possible you can get
hope they give more twitter engage or else. very hard to get 1000 points
Morning my friend! Have you earned many points?
Hey. Have a nice day all
Do you gamble?
have a good day all
You're talking about guiding OG role, so I don't understand
That's all for today. I'll try my luck again tomorrow
Will try the new coinflip strategy and see if it works out
someone say 25 some people can get 40 points. im not sure enough
If you win big, add those points to your daily grind goal. Don’t throw everything back into gambling.
Okei your welcome buddy
Wait for the new announcement. I only know Optimum team always have AMA in the first week every month
Have you earned many points?
focus on daily task during waiting that
grinding only give you 10 points. not more than that
How many points can you get for the tasks in the announcement?
That's the way mate
Awesome that is a big point keep increasing that point I'm 160
Aiming for 100 points today let's see
that my strategy either. haha all in or not
keep grinding guyss for reach 1000 points
lol no prob! let's see those votes roll in
it's time to vote bro
Wow. That's nice
I will also make a bet on the area
all in or nothing bro. kkkk
i have 94 so we are near it's normal
what do you mean to get points?
What do you mean bro
I'm just grinding here mate to get extra points how about you do you have more points ?
Ok noted. Thanks
I need a lot of tasks to teach points
I don't understand, what you mean
if by 10th september i far from 1000pts, i will gamble it haha
alrraid,o see it now,thank u
Of course we must get it I'm sure that rewards is so much what do you think ?
We need to wait for the announcement. I only know Optimum team always have AMA in the first week every month
Can you rephrase your question
I only have 90 points.
I found a new strategy for coin flip will try it today
try to command /vote on
yes, wait team tweet bro
now no task for that mate
Optimum is solving problems too big to ignore.
Be patient coming soon bro
if you don't play you will earn 30 points every day
You can visit to then type /vote
Does anyone know how many minutes a normal day is?
Avoid spamming the same message; unique replies are safer.
I don't get the message
exxactly. we wanna get 1000 point soon
twitter engage still cannot be implemented?
Great to hear that I'm just grinding here mate to get extra points how about you do you have more points ?
Sometimes, points update with a short delay — wait a few minutes.
I know right Let's keep going and see if they will introduce new update
We must grad that OG role
i dont know they play coin flip maybe. or get from others tasks
type /vote on you will see 2 votes
Howdy mate Good morning
For point message just 1 time everyday
See you later, dude!
How many points do we get for chatting 10 points right
we just had until september 15 to get 1000 poitns bro
same question. how to get 40 pints per day
yes because i want to have more points
Keep gambling! Just turn things around
thank for summer, soon match target 1000 points
Come on, it's just the beginning now
Check in in the task-center channel every day to get +5 points; general chat 20 times a day, each message is at least 15 characters +10 points. You can also earn 10 points here, two votes, one vote every 12 hours, and you can only get 25 points a day.
whats good fam.. whats your plan today? did you already cek in and also vote
i'm chillin, just vibing. what’s new with u?
"Friends, after 20 messages, are the points added automatically?
Stay active daily, engage on Twitter, join AMAs, and keep chatting to stack those OG
What is the weekly ama every day? Is there a schedule?
we waiting to grinding on X
How did you get 40 points a day? Can you tell me? I only get 25 points.
Till then bro
i dont know either , lets ask the mod
What is the weekly ama every day? Is there a schedule?
Yoww chadd Supp
thanks for the info friend. it helps a lot
good morning boss
waiting for twitter
so sad than what if we didnt get 1000 points because of that
where i can see vote for discordbotlist?? i only see vote from top gg
You can also earn 10 points here, two votes, one vote every 12 hours, and you can only get 25 points a day.
Hahahah are you try coin flip?
check here , weekly call
How to collect points to keep OG: • Messages: 10 pts for every 20 messages • Weekly AMA: +10 pts each (≈ 50 pts total • Twitter: up to 20 pts for interactions • Daily check-in: +5 pts per day
How much poin do you have now guys?
Yes I did how about you? Have you voted successfully ?
I vote . I have 10 points in a day
yeah try ur best and get more point
I want to know how many points I can get in a day.
You need to vote for the Engagerly bot to earn points.
no. if you didnt get notifications, you didnt get the points
Let's go together bro
Good luck will always come
Maximum 40 points per day
thanks for remind sir.. just cek in and making vote.. and now time to flip haha
sometimes i have same condition. but i dont know its late points will come or not
wow thats great mate. i hope i can maintain this
Then we have a basis to try. Punch hard, my friend.
Let's start again from tomorrow, my friend
i only see 1 vote on sesh,where is another vote?
Okay, I'll check out those two links from top.gg and discordbotlist.
did you vote today?
Great let's grind here together till earning 1k point
You are girl . I'm from Vietnam. Nice to meet you
Thanks for voting! Set a reminder so we can let you know when you can vote again. Thank you for voting for Engagerly on discordbotlist com (this one i get point but i vote on top gg, didnt get points. please check this case
just a few, but quality over quantity, ya know?
I only scored in my 80s with so much
Thank you so much
Those who guess the coins win from 40 points to 100 points, and then from 100 points to 300 points
Still 90 bro, i lose in coin flip
Check in in the task-center channel every day to get +5 points; general chat 20 times a day, each message is at least 15 characters +10 points. You can also earn 10 points here, two votes, one vote every 12 hours, and you can only get 25 points a day.
your welcome, claim daily and vote point too
that's right. i think big thing coming soon
Thank my friend! Good luck for you!
135 friend and you?
just try making flip and bet all my point there... but sadly im lost all my point haha
Fr should i bet 50 points?
Incredible you can type /vote there to get extra points 5 point x twice
there is 2 from top gg and discordbotlist, click both
Good luck will always come
Alright thanks I will check
you are so lucky
How you get point much bro?
gosh u good mate don't try to bet more
You can earn 20 points per day just by voting
I have faith in this project
I just lost 2 points. I bet 10 points each time, 2 points each time, which is acceptable
I'm great too friend
wow really, congrats mate
Please if I could ask, is a daily or weekly call
Let's try to get 1k points
i only see 1 vote,where is another one?
Me too. I'm not lucky. I lose 15 points
I'm glad to hear that
bet 20 point and win, thanks papa mbud
Optimum has strong ecosystem that empowers both builders and users.
i vote on top gg. but didnt get points.
Tour point much bro?
maybe next week friend, stay tune on
Good morning. Have you earned enough points today?
That's ok my friend
alrready lose 20 points and i'm afraid to play again
for opening i pick head haha
stay stuned mate, will have soon
5 point per vote, there is 2 vote, so you will get 10
bet, got it! will check it out now, thx!
I'm doing good how about you ?
Yes, today is enough
Great bro. have a good day
Thanks papa mbud Head? Or tail?
Today happens to be neither profitable nor unprofitable. See it for the last time
Please when is the next community call
Why bro? You win in coin flip?
how many points we got from vote?? i already vote but only got 5 points i think
Wow you're so lucky mate but you have to reconsider it because lucky will not come twice
yoo bro, i wish today is your luck day
Allooo mowning optimum lovers
today i earned 40 points
Thanks friend. How are you doing
That's not bad I think Not your lucky day
you too mate, keep contribute with Optimum
try to play coin flip on but becarefull
Yooo i just woke up, how about you?
yowww, I'm back to gamble tell me what should i choose
Yes, I'm so lucky today
You need to vote for the Engagerly bot to earn points
Does anyone know how many points you can get in a day?
i start from yesterday and oly have 35 points,where you get that points buddy?
Just now it was 1 out of 6, now it's 3 out of 8, it's really good not to lose
That’s good to hear brosky
yes i am still saving
Good luck to you too and hope you get 1000 points soon!
good for you bro.. your lucky day
How are you doing friend?
You will rise up again How many points did you use to bet?
he earn 50 point from gambling bro
Not yet bro, just wanna connect with some amazing chads
Have a great day for you
today i get 20 points from this game
I took a gamble and won 300 points. Hahaha
How many ur point bro?
I still have to complete it 10 times a day
not bad. 50 points for start. keep earning points more and more
thats good, never gamble all in, we dont know when our lucky day
anyone get lucky for playing coin flip?? i lose 20 points and i'm afraid to play again
Almost zero, man hahha
Well composed Have a great day mate
If anyone is finding it difficult find all active channels. Simply head to Browse channels at the top Check a channel boxes to reveal all hidden channels on the server
Go sleep bro
You try use vpn bro
Whats going on jaka?
not that i know of, just keep racking ‘em up!
Thanks for the guide
wow congrats br. u deserve it
I only play if I don't have 1k points
Fortunately, my bet was very small
Morning mate welcome back Don't forget to daily log in, daily vote, you can also make tweets and submit here and engage tweets here and coin flip gamble.
It's too difficult.
you have bad luck sir, try another day
Gmorning too optimum family
I just voted and didn't get any points. Why?
keep going fren,lets together reach 1000 points
Yooo good morning buddy
you need your lucky day to gamble maybe
Good day my friend
I think the team is taking its time with the project. I just wanna get 1k point and not get disqualified
I started and got 50 points today
everything can still be fixed!
so only 200 points left
Have a wonderful and a productive day guys
I just bet 6 times and only won once
collecting points first. then play flip coin again and again
yes u right hope they won't farm us
Go to this channel and type the command /profile, you’ll see your current point total
Go to with command /profile and click link, vote. Done mate
Good morning everyone
check here and type profile
That's the game Bro How are you doing
great, keep active mate
Good day my friend
You can vote bro for get point more
good morning sir, how are you today?
I will play flip if I don't have enough points near the end date
optimum running 1000 km. haha
Another day Another opportunity to interact with amazing chads
don't worry keep grinding mate
Yeah, let's deduct those 100 bet points, alright?
That's what I think. Remember the time they gave out og role is 4 months ago. And they came with a new campaign this week
what are you calling me for haha
I just lost oh so bad hahahaa
I only got 20 points today
You type /profile in
Thank you sir
if lose our bet will lose, your choice
for sure, it's all about the journey, right? ️
Please guys what's the command for checking point
I have deeply experienced it
morning bro. hope lucky today right
Do we need to deduct 100 bet points?
That's the game You either win or lose
you too fam have a nice day. wagmi
Morning bro? Do you have many points?
Guys dont try and abuse the coin flip it might take all ur points away
300 bro, if win we got 3 times from bet
You'll get 3x of the point you stake for
I think so, only active and do task everyday, no need flip
how to got 100 point per day ?
Gmorning optimum fam
Yees you are right but if we constantly activate here it can be achieved
Yes, that's a great suggestion
Try small bets first. See how the system works before risking bigger chunks.
u think it will be long term thing? hate this
what do you mean sir, i dont understand
Don’t risk the points you need to hit 1k. Gamble only your surplus after securing your daily target.
So if we win, we get 200 points at most, right?
How many points do you have in general?
In coin flip bro?
I hope you guys have a nice day and keep supporting optimum
no 15to20 points per day
I did no expect them to list this year. The team is taking their time
Yes, but don’t risk everything. Gamble only extra points after securing your daily target.
Too much will make it impossible for you to complete
100 point bet per day
see you sir, enjoy your breakfast
Wkwk yes agree with you
It’s a replacement for TCP, both are used to transmit data over internet. RLNC is faster and thus suitable for a decentralized memory like Optimum. That’s what I understand at least
How are you? How long have you been here?
it hurt if we cant get 1000 point when the task for OG ends bro haha
morning! how's it going today? any plans?
Wow, it's quite tempting and it's no wonder so many people want to try it.
we have a lot of to do,is hard to reach 1000 points
sir waitsome days , hope X task will be coming soon
yeah bro. high risk high return
type /profile on sir.
I'm going to have breakfast first. See you later.
Is there a limit to the number of points per day?
for check points, go here and type /profile
you too friend nice to meet you here. hope we cann maintain our og rolee
optimum will be listed when altseason comes? hope so
Yes. I think you should stay away from it. It's a set up
Why is everyone making it seem like a real life casino stuff.. Just a little flip won’t hurt right
Have a nice day bro
That’s a helpful tip. I think if the deadline’s near and I don’t have enough points, maybe I could try gambling
Too many, I only bet 2 each time
agree. lets keep stay tuned in optimum discord and see what happend next
i'm from bali fren,nice to meet you here
How to check points anyone?
good morning Optimum Gents from india
not yet task mate, wait for update
about 10 20 bro
where are you
How bro get it?
if won we get x3 from bet, so it will get 6 bro
morninggg optimun fams
How much do you bet each time?
I play not seriously I think it can lose my point
im g00d also friend. im from ph how about you?
win big then play gambling
i can only do daily tasks every day.
yes bro you are right
not started for now. maybe soon
i'm good fren,how about you?? where are you from?
yeah, thx for advice. im lost 60 point
yes it's hard because u can't control it
I have the same strategy.
You are making real sense
If we spend 2 points and win, how many points do we get?
means many gamblers here to get fastest track
Morning bro! Have a great day
Have you got how system work
If you win big, add those points to your daily grind goal. Don’t throw everything back into gambling.
Hang in there, it's a tough climb but you'll get there eventually!
lets go fren,grinding until we get 1000 points
agree.. lets keep grinding for 1000 points
Engage X hasn't started yet, sir?
Thanks sir and appreciated your question
I've tried this countless times haha.
totally get you, just gotta make it work, right?
where are you now?
g00d morning fam. how are you doing?
Slow and steady always wins the race remember
lets bet for coin flip gaming
hope your lucky day coming soon bro
get extra +20 points after gambling. haha my luck
Are you gambling?
Decide the max points you’re willing to gamble per day. Once you hit that limit, stop — avoid chasing losses.
morninggg optimun fams
sometimes won sometime lose bro 50-60% chance of wining
Let’s wait for the team to tweet first, then we’ll go ahead with liking, sharing, or commenting
Let's grind together till achieving 1k point
Try small bets first. See how the system works before risking bigger chunks.
I'm losing every day. I'm getting further and further away from 1000.
voting on 2 sites i guess?
Think of gambling as a bonus booster, not your main strategy.
never all in if its gamble bro.. to risky
Great. I appreciate your answer
Have a nice day and morning!
no risk no OG sirr hahahaha
agree. lets keep stay tuned in optimum discord and see what happend next
yeah keep going together and contribute
i did and i won lolll
maybe next time are you won from flip fun ?
Never Rely on Gambling Alone Still maximize daily tasks:  Check-ins  Voting  Chats  Flash events
What I can read
Very good. How many point?
not yet keep your eye on
You did all in???
you are welcome buddy. lets keep active here
good for you bro, have a nice day
Kindly be patient the team is working on getting started with that soon
there is currently no available activities at the moment, read the announcement for more info bro
Let's see how it works
Good morning mate, how are you?
I lost 5 more times today.
gambling is risky man
keep up the spirit yeah!
Don’t risk the points you need to hit 1k. Gamble only your surplus after securing your daily target.
its named. but what is really its.. rlnc utility and purpose
okay guys. im happy enough with gambling today, gonna do my daily routine, see ya
Good morning everyone, how are you today?
Good day. How about you?
g00d morning mate. enj0y your day
morning all. dont forget to gambling
Many people have over 300 points, man.
wait for that. stay tuned in optimum discord
RLNC is Random Linear Network Coding
I think they will reward us real users with a generous amount so lets all trsut optimuj
play flip now
nice gamebling sir
thanks, man! i’ll bounce back stronger for sure!
try one time bro its good
Same what new activities here?
Please is there no twitter engagement
Morning fren. How are you today
Missing even one day can hurt your progress. Be active daily!
Flip responsibly my fellow optimum primes
No mathematical sense
it's okay to lose some points bro just don't be all in like me
You get 300 point?
great to hear that. i thought optimum use eth chain. thank you
morning mate, have a great day
Im very bullish on optimum and the overall project looks so promising
Thank you. Good infor
Good morning, everyone.
uncapped? how can we know it's not?
Watch out for flash tasks & special events — instant extra points!
until now not yet bro
Alright I will read through the doc for more understanding
we are optimum fams from start
man, i wish i had some courage to bet on the coin flip, i just so afraid that i'll end up losing all my points
The meaning of optimum ai will bullish on
who knows? maybe you will get 120 points like me, nfa tho
Don’t skip a day! Missing even one will set you back
Should I risk all my points playing flip?
I have a question for you my friend it’s a simple and everyone can learn from it. What is the full meaning of the abbreviated word RLNC ?
lets gambling, no risk no OG hahaha
i lost too bro
yes optimum is L1 and having their own blockchain
Hey fam!  If you want to secure your 1,000 points before Sept 15, here’s a quick game plan: 1️⃣ Max out daily tasks Daily check-in → +5 pts Voting missions → +10 pts Chat missions → +10 pts (more if uncapped!
yessir no bet, no party
Its small point right? I starting today and get it 35 points
if i bet 40 points then my point 0
Ok I will thanks
lets all respect each other in this general chat guys LFG optimum
You Sir are magic gambler. I lost 10 pts after 2 rounds
it's a good day to gamble
of course mate, no miss no problem
y bet the whole day
ok i see, i think i will loss 15 points too
yes not the best but it need to be because can help
me too now. but today i will get 100 points
Nice to meet you bro
Yes it, i want to be here till get 1001 points
lmao 402 points
Are you praying and chanting at the same time?
Yes, that's right, sir, but it won't be a problem if you keep fighting.
I hope, but it's still very far away
optimum is a promising project I hope they will launch it well
great explanation. then what chain optimum will use sir?
lmao 300 point haha so lucky
no read the docs to know better
Congrats! Your 40 points bet won you 120 points!  lmaoooo i won 120 points
u lose only ur bet in any case
we are Optimum fam bro
no prob! always got your back, right?
Sixty-five points? Ouch, that's a bit rough, huh?
only 65 points sir hahaha
i will try my best to flip coin haha
Optimum's flexibility is key to its widespread use, not just for large, existing chains but also for new dapps that require robust infrastructure. In my opinion, its use of Random Linear Network Coding (RLNC allows data to spread faster and avoid bottlenecks like traditional layer solutions.
Please guys is there no twitter engagement task or do I need to go on their twitter page and engage
are you play coinflip game ?
Thank you for your support, sir.
Lucky man from other side
Hmm that’s a good question.. but honestly haven’t come across that being stated in the DOC
I hope you guys have a nice day and keep supporting optimum
100 points is a lot. Gambling’s not the best move, right?
yeah coin flip may change everything
Try your luck with gambling
wow that's so high, u will reach 1k soon
have a nice day mate
Ok bro. I think we need to work harder here.
if you unlucky you will loss 5 points or 15 points sir?
yes optimum could be L1. but i like to optimum have their own blockchain
so sad to you brotha, keep get morre point and comeback
I'm fine, thanks. How many points do you have?
testnet not live yet
about 100 point..i am still active 3 days
, 54 seconds ago, flipped 100 points and won 300 points. whoo?
try to practice risk management guys, lets not lose the points in gambling haha
where from 40 points daily ? i thought only 25 points per day
Could it be L1
get rich or get rekt
now luck on my side  Congrats! Your 5 points bet won you 15 points!
Is enough for get 1000 point mate
I lost 100 points today, but I won't give up while there's still time.
Can small validators compete better using Optimum’s network?
How are you fren
RLNC compresses data, lowering bandwidth costs and infrastructure needs.
happy nice day sir, how are you?
is chat mission is only for 10 points? how can get 20 points from chatting?
Guys dont try and abuse the coin flip it might take all ur points away
You can earn up to 40 points per day, so there's no need to worry
its not blockchain its new tech to scale blockchains and l2 too read docs
thank u my friend how many points do u have
my fr, im not finish yet, maybe 10 min i will announce to you
How does Optimum lower operational costs for node operators?
Oh the world is round. Long time no see.
Have a nice day
I can earn maxium 40 points per day, no problem mate
Kkk. Nice to meet tou
great then, good luck my friend
when daily task reset time sir?
for sure, gotta keep it chill. safer bets, right?
ethereum i guess.. but im not sure. lets wait for smart people answering this
Action Plan to Hit 1,000 Points 1. Maximize Daily Activities  Always do daily check-in (+5 pts  Complete all voting missions if available (+10 pts  Keep chat missions active (+20 pts or more if uncapped
max bet every time
flip it guys, u never know, maybe you got 100 points
Congrats! Your 12 points bet won you 36 points!
It is bad thing bro don't bet your all point will lose everything
How lucky are you today? How many points do you have?
Nice day pro. long time no see
wah only for 25 days. can we make it 1000 points?
Aah you must try minimun once daily
I clearly understand it all even without having to go through the blog.. I have been following up for a while.. I think you need to change your style of interaction so you don’t get flagged as a bot. You’ve been saying that repeatedly. Just my friendly advice GMUM
good points mate, wait more task earn more points mate
all good bro wbu?
Watch out for special events or flash tasks — these often give extra points.
yeah now i lose 23 points - LOVE IT
Please what type of Blockchain optimum is building
i'm a certified gambler, i don't mind losing everything
oh my friends, hope u have a nice day
Missing even a single day will hurt your progress, so don’t skip.
Thanks for reminder
be careful playing it or might lose all ur coins
I have 90 points I think. i prob broke even on that one
it so risk, I dont use flip haha
How does Optimum lower operational costs for node operators?
Yes. And you?
it's easy broo only 20 chats
Am on it currently
dont gamble all point friend, it is not good
I just got up. Where are you from?
gosh i'm losing my 13 points in coin flip
Result More lost everyday
Goal: Reach 1,000 points before Sept 15 Today’s date: Aug 21 Days left until Sept 15: 25 days
yes boss you can get 30 points per day
u from vietnam bro?
im good friend how about youu?
you bet a day
Good luck fam, i wish you make so much point.
no mate, lost > won
Really? Go ahead and do it.
Please if I could ask is Optimum a ZK rollup
Yeah bro kkk
yes bro, also stay safe
Optimum is essential for Web3 gaming infrastructure because it provides scalability, faster transactions, and lower costs while ensuring security and decentralization
gotchu, let’s see how many i racked up!
i'm gonna gamble all my 40 points if i lose then goodbye everyone
guys when it the end date of this campaign ?
wish me luck i'm going to bet 20 points
Great days optimum
try more friend..i hope you can won more
thanks bro, you too bro
Not really, I just discover there is task to attend to
Good luck for you!!!
great to meet you here bro
were just ahead 1hr hehe
Alright have a great rest buddy. You’re always welcomed to join the OPTIMUM PRIMES
wow amazing winning for 300 points. thatis very huge win
same buddy, Let's get it together here
Luck 50% dare 50%
It enables real-time leaderboard updates and smooth in-game state syncs.
Have a nice day. How are you today?
i got 200 too see some guys got 500 lmao
yeah bro gambling will strip all those points away little by little
It's raining heavily today so I'm staying home and working online.
i will make new hope new luck and best choice
8:16 AM bro
how much bet?
I got 200 points. How about you?
Why is Optimum essential for Web3 gaming infrastructure?
Yes brother I have to get 300 point from Than after that i will not play
good morning friend have a great dayy
great, you have total many point ,mate ?
wow so sorry to hear that better luck next time
dont gamble any more stay safe lose will bring another lose
me play games bro and win
I also hope they will add new tasks soon. Otherwise, it won’t be possible to reach 1k points.
still minus four points. keep fliping and gambling to win back
Yes you are right, but some time its good, but not always
I hope you guys have a fantastic grind and keep on contributing to optimum
I completely agree. We need more tasks, it's so hard to get 1k
do you need any help? How are you today?
morrning my big sis. how is going today
Good morning everyone.
same here, what time is in ur place bro
tell me your strategy to get more points in here sir
Did anyone do calculation guys
today I lost 7 flips and won 3.
u do it often? i mean flip
lucky, you'll get 1k points right away.
yea broo let's gamble all we have
What's good guys, and how is the project going
Make new hope with flip coin
That's already great...I'm only 20
yes bro almost get og by points
nice to meet you brother. how are you today
allright guys, reach 110 points today, im gonna rest and wait until my daily vote is ready to use
Great.. I know it would be a lot more easier when other task are included. We are gradually getting there
1k point is gonna to tough for me for now
congrats mate, u so luck
haha we need 20chats to get the points bos?
how many total your point mate
what you choose almost on coin flip game?
great to meet you here bro
for sure, let’s get it! what’s next?
always stay alert, friends
Drink cafe bro
DeRAM reduces latency, enabling lightning-fast order execution speeds.
Today I only earned 50 points from flipping.
6 points is better than lose. congratulation sir
yes chose head or tail 50% chance to winn
kkk, maybe he play gambling
Yes, faster block confirmations improve minting and trading experiences.
damn I hope toget there soon, lost all my points on gambling coin flip haha
morning buddy, how do u do?
i htink we need to gamble. lets get rich together
Bro took chances.
I have 120 point brother I got 6point in
so good mate keep it up we will have 1k soon
You can check your point here
do you play coin flip and win? teach me
So far I've been lucky, but I'm sure you shouldn't overplay, it's like a casino
someone said he have 394 wow
yo makin it in the role bro, advance congrats
Keep going...soon 1k points
play coinflip and daily check in/vote
Hey there what are you ? I see you’ve been talking of p2p repeatedly. What’s 2x2 ?
same here, only 40 points lmao need to gamble more, get rich or get rekt
i have 200 how about you
maybe he mean small than 397
Exactly. Let’s have a strategy for earning these points.
Halu my friend! How are you today?
why everyone points have more than 200. i just have 40 points
that's good bro
That's great, buddy!
how many points do you guys have now?
Nĩce day bro
Ok pro what are your plans for today?
396 small ?
yeah bro i bet only max 10 pts
good morning boss d let's attack
that's so many, i only have 40
How can Optimum boost high-frequency trading in DeFi platforms?
how do you get that huge points?
what y almost og by this points
don't do it too often buddy
thx for advice sir. i do it rightnow
what you are on half for 1000 points sir. amazing
let's keep up bro
I think you are soo lucky..
good morning boss paldo
paldo boss do you play flip coin evryday?
don't forget to daily check in guys and gamble some on coin flip
what? i only have 40
for sure! can't wait to see what it brings!
Have a pleasant morning; do not be too serious.
lol, i see your name, i think we from same country
Glad to hear that keep it up.
Need optimum need point from apps right??
high rissk high return bro. keep grind
it's not but i'm okay to risk it
396 bro so small
yes I know. I bet 5 points and win 15. I played three times and won everything
I also played once on the first day. Luckily, I won. But I don’t dare to play it anymore.
Wow all at once or multiple attempts
262 bro wbu?
Guys just keep on grinding the project and it will deliver in the end
maybe we can get paldo here
gamble is not good for mental health right mate?
Just wake-up and going to make some meme and post something about this in x
keep trying and make it double when you win
yup, no gamble, no lambo
i'm fine bro, just active bro wbu?
So sorry about that
Yes, I'm just joking, my friend.
risk is better then rekt
how many points do u guys have now
yeah, the project looks promising comparing to some of the big companies out there
i will try my luck when i have 500 pts point. and then all in haha
yeah i lost 15 points already
Haha I always feel flip will take everything away from me
oh , common man
yeah what come eazy go eazy
Game of 50/50. You win or get rekt
Of course Jakarta..lol jakarta is city name
real and deal i love optimump2p how about you mate
me, flippin some and only 90 points lol
It seems that this is the only way now
Thank you my friend
of course bro, i think optimum will make a massive changes for all our lives too, we just gotta keep believing in them
just be careful on playing the coin flip guys
Where do you live, friend?
optimum discord vibes always being positive sir
futures is good optimum
Yes always bullish since launch testnet with Optimum ai
maybe u try it, i think you can get more
I also have 105 points, and I don’t play flip either.
I mean coin flip. I call it a game
jakatar from indonesia right
don't forget to daily check in guys and gamble some on coin flip kek
yes as soon as the testnet comes, I think the project is going to be a blast
Yes true, this is place for ordinary people
kkk, have nice day bro.
very true. with optimum we all gonna make it trust it
jakaria or jakarta almost similar
Great!! That’s the energy my friend. Keep up with the good work
that's good mate 1k point will wait you haha
Just try your luck but make sure to take a beak
nothing new mate just another day to grind
for sure, daily vibes keep it fun and chill!
wow i only have 105 i dont play flip
Bullish on Optimum!
i also belive in optimum
so do i, i beliee optimump2p will be huge in the future
yes bro ia reall
i believe so, optimum will rise
I always get points from this game. I have 200 points now.
go to the coin flip section in the engagely page
I believe optimum will make new chances for live
no more agree than that
I like p2p from optimum
good morning bro when paldo haha
Yes. Let’s support each other.
How to play coin flip
i believe that, optimum team are really really good, they know what they doing
What game are you referring to?
good morning too bro
Good morrning fam how are u today
morning boss paldo haha
Optimum is the future thing
Thanks mate how are u today
Good morning, bro. What's new with you?
optimump2p make it better for all project
that's too much lol
about 200 bro, how much you have rightnow
Have a nice day fam
Haha. Gamble I'd entirely based on luck mate
anyone here profited in the coin flip>? lost all my points yesterday cause of that gambling game
scales so fast is optimum bro
ten times per day wish you luck sir
u too mate
Morning buddy ..
yeah bots and inactive are eliminated soon
how many times you gamble lmao
How did you manage to accumulate so many points? Are you playing the game?
Morning bro have a great day
You’re always welcome my friend. I’m always around to help if you need any further assistance
let me check, i don't remember kkk
guys dont abuse coin flip, I aint winnin that much
go to and type / profile there, then u can check how many points u already got, hope this helps
go to /profile
congratulation buddy, a good start
Go and type /profile
You're very welcome; I'm glad I could help you remember!
thank you ser for reminding me
dont do that its spam could y get time out
yes i hope so, let's wait
Check point here
Go to and type /profile
nice bro, let's keep up
how many points do you have?
Thank you so much
for sure! let’s see where this takes us, yeah?
Yeah.. but it won’t be for all. Just keep up with the good work
Eyy im good, how is your points? you grinding good?
how to check my point
Thsts true man
That's right, my friend, the weather makes me want to sleep again..lol
my strategy is just daily checkin, daily interaction, daaily 20 chats daily vote and gamble a few points
everyone is doing great. how about you mate?
that''s true. keep grind in here
everyone here for this
Peter Points  220 points Member Since ⏰ 4 months ago
Everyone wants points to save OG
Hopefully they will have worthy rewards for those who manage to maintain the role.
dont forget to check in every day and vote every day
how is everyone doin? I hope yall have a fantastic day
Mutually, bro, and have a nice day
yes sir true og got this
Not yet. The current status for this is to earn your spot as a real community member any future rewards will be announced later
teach me to play coin flip. what should i choose to multiply my points
meanwhile we vibin and grindin
At present, it seems very difficult to achieve. I have no confidence
I wanna earn more point haha
i will check everyday everytime
not yet bro. just keep on eye to
how to win for coin flip gambling game?
I think it will be difficult. And there will be very few people who can keep the OG role.
When x engage start ?
have a nice day buddy how are u today
yeah lazy to stand up in bed
maybe soon. keep check twitter engage in optimum discord channel
there will be any soon, stay tune sir
The power of can do the trick
dunno mate, just wait for that
have a nice day
oke done mate, u dont forget to upvote also
yeah no information regarding incentive testnet. so wait for it
twiter engage task when live guys ?
yeah i think easy to get, just active daily
there's no confirmation on that yet, we speculate
okayy bro nice to hear it, lets grind on it and hope for the best , lfg
But there has never been any interaction on Twitter
not late You can still get 1000 waiting for x engage
public testnet not launch yet. usually testnet have incentive
for sure, it’s on repeat, right? lol
Yaa I tried yesterday, but I can’t play. Because I don’t have enough coin. But today i should
That's the essence of No advisable tho
we don't know that yet but i think we better keep expectation low on that
Haha, you’ll reach 1k points in no time, keep it up! Good luck
yeahh lets stack those point and locked in everyday bro
i think so. look how hard to maintain og roles
a blessed but very cool morning
correct we must appreciate optimum discord rules. but i hope... maybee
And they confirmed there will be rewards for the OG role, right?
Done that already. Thanks
chào a e
yes, twitter engage and community call
i think below that, but lets see mate how it will be going
There's still plenty of time, my friend.
already check in check out, vote in vote out lol
yeah i know i think i got it
Yeah that's true. I am going slow and steady
yes sir as always noted
so do i. but its what its. optimum rules apreciate
When will we have Twitter tasks?
yes sir, already check in
we are so early on this. lestgooo
i dont wanna my og role dissapear. haha
testnet is incentivized ?
done sir, i need this OG role
woahh, better be locked in bro, you will need every point each dayy, lets keep going
Will there be any other ways to earn points later?
Oh so hard for get 1k bro lmao
just keep doing daily check in and daily vote and message. i just doing that.
Thank you. At least we are participating early.
I think 5k ogs or less Maybe
bet more mate 5-6 point / times
donee sir got my 5 points
thank you for reminding me
How did you do that playing dice?
then your og role will be removed. but i hope there is some easy ways for us
yes bro , check on announcement, you could earn points through doin some task and gamble on coin flip
don't forget to daily check in guys
i have 79 now missed day 1
i see it miss. but is it okay for us. what if we cant make it 1000 pts next month
yes it is but it's not impossible imo
I only have nearly 100 points.
tough break, man. better luck next round!
very dificult :(, i can't reach
that's the definition of true gamblers
solid choice by you mate, lets keep it going , hope you and i could make it to the end
Exactly mate. But I risk 2 point and loss and leave
nice same here rainy morning
nothing right now. we might see a testnet announcement soon
happy new day friend
yes really. you can read and check on announcement optimum discord
Let’s wait for them to add Twitter tasks.
If you spend 30 minutes every day, how can you get 1000 points? This is too difficult
You can say that again
wow, congrats bro. u are lucky
i just reach 40 point today. yesterday my point 30
happy new days bro, hope youre doing fine with your life bro
Use your point Play flip game,
How many times did you play to reach 40 points? Maybe it’s better to earn points now while it’s easier, because it might get harder once they fix it.
what really? only on september 15. how to get 1000 pts in short time
how many points do you have
I bet 30 point today and win 90 so lucky
if i claim all task for today 105 i dont play flip
Yeah mate. Still a handful of time left
Yes. Anyway, it’s just a role. Besides that, is there anything else in the project to experience?
no dear, 2/2/2/2/2/50/2/2/20/10
That's right, the sooner you get it, the safer you are
Come on, I'm not giving up either. We can do it.
Yes i always spirit for optimum ai
Keep going bro 1k point so soon
i am not sure. end date on september 15. very short time
happy new day Optimumers
yeah exactly my point, those people are the brave one, not all people hv the same braveness like them
How many points do you have now ?
same think, i don't like bet =
Are you an og here?
Keep up the spirit, buddy, you can do it!
how many coin do you have?
enjoy it brother, don't make it too seriously
yeah we gotta grind and gamble to keep this og role, should be worth it tho imo
i feel u! it's tough sometimes, keep pushing!
I hope they release new tasks soon.
yupp, also he risk his points, u need to had that mentality
in west borneo friend
Check & check Bro. Let gooo
hahaha lose streak on coin flip brothers
Yeah mate try gamble haha 1k point soon
another day another gamblin on coinflip lmao
only 100+ bro, im slowly moving, how many u have bro?
morning mate where is that
It’s really hard to keep this OG role.
coinflip is was good for 3cx
Need more points here
I need to hit 40pts daily for 25days to get 1ķpts But here I am.. day 4 and <100
500ptsa.. really? how can get so much points in this time
Yes that's right, that's a good move
That's how it always is, bro. Some people have it easy, some have it hard. That's life.
Collect points above your comfort zone, and start gambling Hahahaha
do you want increase point? you can try he he
a beautiful morning accompanied by rain
how so bro, meanwhile im here struggling to my even not 100 points while its already my forth day being active here
yeah they gamble on coin flip, on general its still below 100 bro
how many do have right now?
try it bro ahaha, its fun
Thanks for your info. Buddy
i know haha can u guest how many OG will event end
I think we should just accumulate points daily. If we still don’t have enough points near the end, then we can play flip.
will there be more benefits with this OG?
yeah till sept 15
luck good for everyone bro
yeah i played but with small amount of point, you bro?
Optimum delivers reliable internet speeds, smooth streaming, and great service—perfect for gaming and daily use!
here tpye / profile
and comand /profile bro
i dont play any coin flips man, its too risky for me to lose my tiny little points
Some people are almost at 500pts. Some are getting it quite easy
Yes, perhaps they won at dice, and soon they will reach their goal.
are u sure 26 days?
You bet 10 point / timess? right
thats good news. congrats for winning coin flip
u can be chill mate, still have 26 days to go
I've only collected 180 points so far, so it feels like I still have a long way to go.
Woah That's massive
He yooo mate
i dont think so bro, problably below 30 people, i dont see many people hv the amount of braveness to coin flip those much points
did you play gamble?
check points? on point check channels sir
for sure! we’re almost there, let’s keep pushing!
i voted but increase point
Today .. totally i get 40 point on coin flip bro, and already limit for me..
Maybe today i will winn50 point
Would have hit 100 if not for my loss on gambling
How to chek fam ?
when time reset for all task guys?
I don’t even dare to play it.
how many times you play flip coin in a day?
How are you? What are your plans for today?
yes bro that alrd 40% milestone, still at the first week tho, great
how many coin do you have?
Yes you are right, he could lose all his points.
wow youre so lucky bro
Yeah haha i think so many guys have 300+
how to check score on this channel
Am at 65 man You should be happy
I will not stop I need to study the game very well
I wish u lucky brother
Come on, that's still a lot, believe me.
try on bro, you can try coin flip ha ha
Haha. Impressive I have made just 6pts
still at 100++ im slowly moving, no need to rush imo
Haha, just double the points you lost — if you win, you’ll get back both your capital and the profit.
so hard for get 1k point bro lmao
i know right they all been moving so fast bro, i dont even have 100 and its my forth day being active here
hey dont chat like bot, u are warning
yes bro already 400 points bro
Good morning bro
I want lucky to brother
coin flip and grinding
Yup That's how it is Am gonna avoid it
good morning all
thats huge sir. how you do that
make a new task is the only way
woww, youre a true gambler huh, hope youre luck comes again bro
Massive Meanwhile I'm struggling to hit a 100
soon dear hahaha
How about you point bro
very high bro, i have got 180
Make new hope there
like u mate double down at the same spot maybe 60pts
I think you should stop if you don’t want to lose all your points.
not bad, my point arround 80 now
Give me the formula sir
Check Chech Bro
woah alrdy at 400 yeah, huge bro, greatt
next big win 1k
lol for real, it's all or nothing, right? ‍️
Meybi today u lucky brother
Your highest win on is what?
Now 240 points I lost 110 points yesterday
How did you manage it coin flip?
try to do all those tasks
How can you earn so many points? Are you playing flip?
hahahah, try again tomorrow mate, dont rush on it
i want that big luck either for coin flip
392 points bro hahaha i lose 3 points
under 100. maybe around 50 haha how about you?
when you win ha ha =
Yes...coin flip limit 10 times a day
I already tried, but since I wasn’t lucky, I decided to stop.
yep you can earn max 300 point per day bro
congratulations to those lucky
woahh, better luck next time bro, lfg
ha ha, i have got 155 point sir = and you?
I am tempted to high risk. But I might get no reward
Nice bro 1k soon haha
coin flip limi 10x per day? i just want more gambling here
Your luck is Extraordinary
wow, how many points you have ?
absolutely not manage ur lost so u can win big double down mate
Have a nice day
I just lose 50 point bro,  , enough for today
nonetheless its really worth the wait
woww, huge broo, you alrdy half way yo secure the spot
High risk, high reward, huh? So, how many points you got?
high risk, high point =, how many point do you have?
Lucky you! Ready to roll the dice again tomorrow?
just do the right thing to build
I loss just now I ain't trying that again
gotta grind some points on daily chat, lets goo
Im doing good
amazing bro, 1k soon
we are waitng here yeahhh
That's right, but never be jealous of your friends.
I lost 40 points and later won 140 points from coin flip no risk no reward
That’s wonderful, but be careful—you might lose everything you’ve earned.
awesome! let’s swap deets and get started!
Yes, I agree, it looks very cool.
My coin flip limit today , totally win 40 point
I think same too mate
morningg everyone, how your days
I'm very bullish on the optimum
tha's best choice, keep working hard
Yeah of course I will talk to you
morning raja, keep grinding
yeah, like a wise man said life is boring without gambling
How are you doing?
You need to refresh each time you vote, and make sure to keep track of the timing
What do you guys think about Optimum’s roadmap for Q4? Looks ambitious but exciting!
goood morning guys
the key target
I don't gamble, sir.
When you get bored, start gambling on alternatives.
ah done with 20 mess, i'll go for gambling
Just risked 5 point to earn 15 points
Surely he is  Coinflip is gambling Either you win or you lose
first 1k target bro
there's ur name mate, u bet 30 and win 90 gz gz gz
What task brother??
the web for voting load too long, somtime cant click upvote
What do you mean by play when you are comfortable
wkwkkw That's just nonsense, buddy. It's too risky.
Are u gambling bro
Thanks brother.. u not try coin flip??
that's a choice, play wen we feel comfortable
Same Trying my best to be cautious Don't want to lose my hard earned points I want to keep that optimum OG
for real! instant web3 is like a game-changer
very lucky that guy hahaha
yes, every 12 hours, you can vote repeat
You have a really smart strategy. Wishing you lots of luck!
thanks my brother
wish me luck on coin flip haha
u just won 90 pts mate, gz
Yeah, that’s right  If you see me, please come talk to me.
ahaha lol , yesterday i just lost around 60 points, and im back today wr 4/4
how much your point now mate
wow, that's a lot of points sir
that mean in 1 day you vote for 2 times
lets have good feeling for gambling..
Go to and type /profile
Some are winning Some are losing I think am avoiding it
At the beginning, I still need to be cautious and just earn points by completing tasks.
After completing the task, I wait 12 hours before voting to earn points.
we are gambler here yeahhhhhhh
That’s seriously amazing!! Congratulations!
Yeah bro almost ..
a lot of people are playing coin flip?
Oh that's good, keep working here until you get a good ending
Some people are losing all their points
how to check
not good for mental health for gambling
How many points do you have now?
Are you playing coinflip?
more bigger ur bet more bigger the prize, take the risk
Try coint flip brother... Just do it and enjoy, Meybi u lucky today
I know  But I’m scared of losing.
the first target is cool mate
congratulations to those who gained oints
i meant for pick head or tail
Are you kidding? How is that even possible
Truly peer-to-peer systems
Wow, that's amazing, congrast bro, you are the best gamebling
Congratulations, I'm interested in trying it.
nice! u almost there! what’s next on ur list?
I’m doing well too! I come here every day and keep working hard.
wow you almost finished farming you are a legend
how do you do that
Coint flip bro.. i bet 20 for star if i lose next bet 40 but I win next 10 bet
no risk no Ferrari, ahahaha lol
413 points let's go
It’s not enjoyable, really. Gambling stirs up so many emotions
will try our best to build
u can click on flips history
he had good with that luck
i'm good, how are you?
You can check here №
Your luck is incredible—I’m so jealous!
Maybe I’ll try it too if I end up with a lot of extra points
You can ask the project administration; we are not aware of this.
Nice brother... Gambling for all
how you do that
From what time (UTC is the number of messages counted, guys?
Yes, but the team have not posted yet
Good morning️ How are you feeling today?
Congrats! Your 30 points bet won you 90 points!  For now i have 430 point bro
i'll do it in the future of my points seems got closer to reach 1k when the event running of time
Ok thanks mate...I will check
Coin flip helps us earn points faster, but if luck isn’t on our side, it can be really disastrous. Congrats on winning 75 points with just one bet!
Fingers crossed that Optimum brings a whole new level of speed and UX, just like Web2.
great, who is that person I want to learn from him hahaa
Morning. Another day in Optimum and we will explore this project together
how much your point now?
You need to click flip history in the coin-flip branch
not sure, but hope it’s soon! need those vibes!
Let’s do our best together today too
Try again bro, bet u all point
tap "flip history" mate, u Will see it
Unfortunately, there is no such information available.
lets go bro, a pleasant day to earn points
That’s super amazing. I’m jealous.
IM folow u strategy bro
i just gambling 30 point and losessssss
Yeah, we're keep going on
Nice bro... Keep it up, optimum bullish
Where to check people's bet history?
I totally understand! I feel the same way.
that's right! I'll act according to this strategy. We have time
You're welcome. Feel free to get in touch
wow someone bet 100 and win 300 points
we can learn tgher mate
I see, thankyou somuch sir
im got 130 point now, and wait complete 20 mess
yes bro keep working hard to collect it
Keep an eye on it will be announced there
for sure! let's crush it together
I have no idea
O.K thankyou somuch sir
Maintain consistency every day and make sure each action is of good quality, then you will surely earn enough points as required.
the points for proofing og role
when we have community call mate?
Nice strategi, leave if u win.. and tomorrow back again..
yupp, that's fun actually. I always play till limited/day
Oh, cool, congratulations!
Go to and type /profile
Write command /profile in points-check
congrats buddy! keep going like this
Yes, but the team have not posted yet
Yess bro thanks for info bro How much u point?
Good luck too bro keep hard working
How to check our p0int?
maybe tomorrow. I think my luck is over for today  it's like in a casino, win and leave
i don't agree that
okay sir, good luck for you
read the information
No you can chat here too bro have some fun bro
Congrast bro, but carefull gambling
i hope so, i always bet 10-20/bet
I think there will be 1 post this week. Waiting.
Soon, just wait someone will notify us and that channel will be active.
U lucky too brother.. let's bet again
nah, just think of it as a fun risk! gain more vibes
Current chat only for OG.
Yes bro.. beauty morning
Check Check Bro .
you are lucky! I bet only 5 and won 15
Just stay on track each day and you’ll hit the goal. If not, well… time to gamble a bit, lol
Thanks friend...hope you have good luck too
Anyone knows when the Optimum team will start pushing out tweets for engagement?
Today is your day, this is just the beginning, buddy.
The company that's going on now is for those who have OG roles. Unfortunately, you don't.
But can't never happen here because it is limiting
Woohoo, awesome! That 25-point bet turned into a sweet 75-point win!
Congrats! Your 25 points bet won you 75 points!
oh that's u, i Saw it from history. Congrats buddy
you don't have the og role to participate in this race
without coinflip it seems like it could reach 1000 points
Good to hear that. I dont trust my luck
That's right, I've already done it.
You lucky bro
I lost 45 points and now I have 70 point left
You cannot get it now, but there will be other events in the future, so stay tuned for updates.
I just bet 50 points...and I won
yeah its talk about the protocol problem why blockchain tx seem slow
there is clear information how to earns points mate
the points for proofing og role
Morrnnning brother, Ready for coin flip ?
Super excited join this project!
How to get points?
voting - checking and active in here and you will get them
for sure, that’s some serious hustle!让’s make it happen!
How many points do you own ?
We just have to keep showing up mate
me too friend lets keep grinding
We're all in the same boat, everyone's scores are about the same. I'm sure we can collect them.
I know but so hard for get more point
I want to make new point today
Nope I am not doing that just earning daily points bro
wow that's great, the stakes must be high
You get 5 points for checking in daily, 10 points for sending 20 messages, 5 points for replying to messages, and 20 points for voting for the bot. If you keep it up every day, your points will grow really fast.
not started yet, try to reach 1k points mate, maybe u be able to got OG role
Absolutely! If we truly believe in the project and this amazing community, then working together to spread Optimum across media is the best way to grow stronger and faster.
thanks mate hope we can go 1k soon
did you win them in the game?
Yeah I want to try more than that
You're welcome. If you have any more questions, please don't hesitate to contact me
but we won't hit 1k points until 9/15. That's something we don't want to happen, right? I'm pretty scared.
I have won today funflip 2 points converted into 6 wow
Have a nice day ser
The Twitter engage channel hasn’t opened yet, will there be enough time left to complete the tasks later?
I try my luck on fun flip bro  And how about you
Yes, I agree, I need to be sure that I will have time to gather everything.
have a wonderful day sato ^^
I wouldn't want to advise this
TyI'll check it out!
What's req for testnet.
The problem now is that the entire competition doesn’t last for a full month.
I’m afraid to try. If I lose, will I lose all my points?
for sure! points here we come!
i start this day with good vibes
Yes, it's better to secure the 1000 points first.
That's right, I've already done it.
What are you going to try something new?
yep i stopped it
Actually, it would be better if there were level roles.
I’ve got [85] so far, still working my way up.
Yes, we’ll have time.
No need to stress. Keep grinding daily and the points will add up
Bro the same situation. it seems like 1k can't be collected in such a short time
how you have done with that points?
I will try later. Good luck to you
have you seen the last tweet of Optimum X mate?
Consistency does that
Try gamble mate i see some people got 400 point lol
Glad to hear it, take care of yourself and your health.
True, having it on the roadmap shows they’re serious about long-term growth.
The Twitter engage channel hasn’t opened yet, will there be enough time left to complete the tasks later?
How did you farm points this fast?
Nice day Sir . Good luck to you !!!
Thanks haha how many point u have rn?
Yeah, well, it's a good thing they put that partnership in the roadmap.
Nice day mate thanks you how are u gamble today haha
I get 100 points in 3 days
It's best not to try again, the bookies are getting more and more profit hahaa
I miss this project?
its all good fam, i make sure to rest enough when I can
Morning bro, hope you have a great one too.
How did you farm points this fast?
Nice day mates. How are you
Thanks bro hope we can do 1k point soon
Because you miss Og role on galxe bro I am really sorry
That's really cool, you have good luck
engaging for 20 points?
Only OGs in this one, so you’re gonna have to sit this out
Alright i got 115 point today thanks god
Yeah, starting with Ethereum makes sense since it’s the biggest ecosystem.
oh sorry, i didn't know that
Optimum usually doesn’t give customers dedicated or ‘intensive’ node service. They run on shared neighborhood nodes, which can sometimes get congested. Whether they split or upgrade nodes depends on the area and demand. If you’re seeing slow speeds, you can reach out to support and ask if there are node splits or upgrades scheduled in your neighborhood
lol fr, just vibin, u know how it is!
Yes, we are waiting for the team post
If you lose several times in a row while playing coin-flip, you can stop for a while.
Does anyone know here you can put node and is there any guide how to do it?
good morning bro, how are you ?
Yes, I have much less, but I hope I will be able to make up for lost time.
exactly! vote every 12 hours, meaning you can only vote 2 times a day and get max 10 points
If I have a chance to collect 1000 per day it will be really nice
yessss thats gambling work hahaha
Morning fam nice day
will help us earn points.
I am not authorized to access
Thank buddy, how many point you have today
in and click earn reward
Yes mate the team explained it, the count down
No mate i think no have
Hahahaha, bad luck, how many points do you have ?
btw guys do anyone of you knows what OptimumP2P objective?
Keep spirit in collecting points again
Thanks mate, how you feel today
Congratulations brother. You are lucky
Yeah bro but I will recover mine soon bro
Good morning, everything is great!
optimum will have intencive node sir?
The OG role is currently unavailable, but there will be other events in the future. Stay tuned for updates
where to check in buddy ?
I think they need to with all the top blockchains and 1 to start with is ethereum
let's do and accumalate your points
Im just doing 3 daily flips
do bro 10 point per day dont miss
I realized when you bet 10 coinflip points, the bot says you get 30 when you win, but you actually only get 20 points. That means there is a 10 point fee deducted, which is like we lost our original money, haha
Haha true, sometimes luck works but gut feeling helps too.
wow thats great friend i hope we can make it in timee
I’ve got 130 points now, and by completing 20 messages I’ll earn 10 more, feeling pretty relaxed about it
That's what on your mind but I suggest not to play
you just doing daily task to have that point?
i forgot vote
Optimum's products include Optimum P2P and decentralized Random Access Memory - DeRAM that deliver benefits across the entire blockchain ecosystem
flippin' a coin sounds fun, but trust ya gut!
A very good result, you can be proud of yourselves
Omg, begin using small amount friend
Start with daily check-ins and 20 meaningful chats in general, that’s the easiest way to begin.
No.I don’t play coin flip because I’m not lucky
morning mate dont forget for voting and checking daily
Now I have 70 points bro, I am trying so hard
I have reached point 4 day maybe sir
Yeah thanks you mate keep going haha
You can check the received points in the discord section which is called (your nickname rewards
morning sir ,how are you
Which partner project should Optimum collab with?
If I still can’t reach 1000 points later on, then I can bet more points.
that's good for you mate
Wow you have all days points bro nice
how can i start ?
are you doing coin flip a lot mate?
i won 90 today hehe
wow how many days did you achieve that friend
Today just isn't your day, it happens
Oh sad, please do with very small then increase gradually, it will be more profitable than your strategy
How are you doing it?
Bro you good haha stop rightnow
I have point just now 135 point
thanks for the reminder mate, good luck for u too
Hope you get soon bro keep having fun here
the chance (70 win and 30 lose?
but the points come back and multiply when you play coinflip again?
Hahahaha, bad luck, how many points do you have ?
Exactly, with consistency every day the target becomes simple.
I get replies every day, but I feel like I’ve never received those points.
thats a good start mate you are so awesome mate, thats why u dont wanna take the risk
If you are interested in the project, love the project, love this community, then let's join hands to amplify Optimum on the media.
i won 60 just now im only betting on heads
How are you today? Do you have any plans for yourself?
Yeah mate keep it up don worry
I last voted last night and had no problems and everything loaded quickly
I always wish you good luck, but be careful with gambling
No I will not bet even 1 points I am afraid to lose
lost 95 point
It is very difficult to achieve success without taking any risks. However, when you consider that the risk is high, it is better not to take the risk. For me, 50% is a high risk
lol no worries, it happens! we all forget stuff
Yes those points are important for the role, you cannot risk losing it
I think is very easy for that brother if you are consistency
Just checked, I’m at [85] now bro.
overall i think 70:30 mate, 10 points/game
yeah mate stay consistent to collect points
Never step into that game bro never
Yes, it is true, per day limit 10 points from chatting
That's very little, I hope you won't have any health problems because of us
Hey, good morning guys
Haha, I used to play price prediction games, so I’ve already felt the thrill of winning in another project.
I get 100 points in 3 days
Hahahah you can try using 5 points friend is just for fun
I dont wanna bet, because is very risk hahaha brother
True bro, staying consistent every day is the only way to hit 1k.
anyine here still doing coin flip and have a good luck?
I got 40 points, do with small and then increase gradually, it will definitely help you
It's when your message is replied to once in 24 hours that it counts.
let's try on next day mate
how many points have u accumulated mate untill tday mate?
Well said! Loyalty and patience always pay off — building with Optimum is about vision and lasting impact, not just short-term gains.
Did you win a lot?
yes ser thats the goal and im happy with it
Yes consistency make you get point, dont lazy brother
I’m not lucky. I don’t play coins flip haha
Nice to know you got it friend
Go and check bro and tell me how many points you have
You can just bet 2 points each time to try your luck.
good luck with the points
i lost 30 yesterday so hard bro
I lost 65 points today sir
thank you ser i am sure you will get your wins as well, every dog has its day!
Yeah same here, chatting only gives 10 points a day so it takes consistency.
ohh got it now Now I can call you a strong man
Omg, good luck the next time friend
Wow today you will get 100 points bro congrats
i also gambling everyday in
Well, there's two polling sites, you can vote in both, so 20 points.
Wish you a new day always happy and full of energy.
Wow, you're lucky, keep it up and you'll win more.
How do I do the Daily Response?
do you want me to push you a little bit so you can feel how when to win a big points mate
Congratulations bro and good luck again
lol, true that! but wut’s life without some risk, right?
It’s already Thursday today, will there be a weekly Community Call this week?
Should I flip a coin? Or is it a no-go?
Umm is not easy, remember you’re betting your daily points
No I don't do coin flip I already lose 45 points
There are still 2 tasks left to unlock, so we can earn more points
r u okay with that schedule mate? just 4 hours?
you will not lose it ser, nay! you will get your desired one thousand points!
what is happening with voting, why the web load too long?
I think yes brother because, yesterday i just get 10 point in chatting
lol , 5 points for vote every 12 hours, not 20 points .
Im very thrilled to be part of optimum's growth
Yeah i will mate no worry be patient
Unfortunately, there are a lot of scammers in Web3. We need to double-check our social media accounts and wallets before linking them anywhere.
I haven't checked yet haha
Wow, you can try playing and double that amount
Wow nice have you done coin flip?
Yeah, exactly! Being a loyal Optimum member means we're in it for the long haul, not quick riches.
Absolutely right! True value takes time to build, and as OG’s we understand that being part of Optimum is about long-term commitment, not instant guarantees.
21 points won from Lucky Flip! goodluck bro
It's enough time to achive 1000, do with some patience, you will definitely achieve
but we must keep the vibes after we got 1k pts mate absolutely my brother, i dont wanna lost all of my points also
i am currently sitting at 90 with another 10 underway from chatting twenty times in general
Yes adding the weekly AMA it good
no man, i only sleep 4 hours max. just can’t always be able online on discord due to other responsibilities 
Your informations is good and acurated, good job brother
I want to make sure I keep my daily points safe.
Admin, I have a question. Is it true that I get 10 points per day for chatting?
I’m too. I get 100 points. I want play coin flip
HBU how many points have you got bro
yup, u right no need to rush
I keep forgetting somehow I’ll be more careful starting today
Hei gmum buddy, hows your morning going?
for voting twice every 12 hours 20 points. Check in 5 points. Daily Response 5 points. And for 20+ posts 10 points. That's a total of 40 points
i am with you ser lets do this and uplift the chat
twitter engage not avaialable yet?
Hahahaha, you wanna do many flips, good luck
About 100 bro
i see deadline 15/9 dont worry mate
Admin, today is gmum too
That's right, it's worth a try but dont all in
I think I have done today limit  now just 6 am
Yes, P2P today
sure mate, hope the will bost much point for us
lol so true! let’s turn this energy into something epic ️
alright ser have a good night and ejoy
Good night my friend
yeah i don't want to try it, it's very risky
letsgo login daily sir
I can earn 40 points a day, so I'm not in a rush, buddy.
I am go to sleep guys
Nice start, keep going and the rest will add up quickly.
Wow mod HBU how many points do you have
I got 40 points just now by coin flip guys, do with very small then gradually increase your coin, do with balance
Nice day bro
emm, u can talk anything but don't be rude
we re only have 10 chances mate, why dont u try at least once
Oh, you should share your idea with the mod. I’m not familiar with the Mee6 bot because I was scammed once, and it’s really unfortunate to lose trust.
im glad for the positive words ser let us get that one thousand points
You good bro keep it up haha 70 point so nice
step by step and the end we will know exactly where we are
Keep the spirit
Not only that, we can also share ideas and talk about Optimum updates together.
Great mate, good luck for you
I got 70 points 7% of target is done
and i like your positive attitude ser
yeah mate, maybe we all are need a little bit encouragement
Yeah no risk no point haha so hard for get 1k
Hahaha....I like your optimistic nature
Does this mean we can only talk about tasks and points here?
I’m good, just grinding points and enjoying the community. How about you?
Omg I apologize my friend m, better luck tomorrow
the wheather so pleasant that make me happy and remember for voting and checking daily
Good morning mate keep going we can do 1k soon
64 point to 1k. come on guys
You gambling, right bro?
words of wisdom ser keep it up dont give quit
If you're as unlucky as me, I don't think you should try it  You could lose all the points you earn in a day. But if you're lucky, you could win back the points you risked threefold.
Dont gamble bro, maybe lost all point
good morning friend have a great dayy
Morning mate how are you today
How are you, friends?
Exactly, that’s what makes Optimum stand out from the rest.
for sure, every bit counts! we'll get there!
200 bro keep it up 1k point soon haha
Yes also an option for those who do not have time to try to score 500 points and then win 1000.
Morning my friend!
that is right we must risk it for the biscuit sometimes
no pain no gain mate  bet minimum, maybe i will win
I really don’t have any luck with gambling  I’ve hardly ever won.
How does Optimum help dApps feel closer to traditional Web2 experiences?
I haven't tried it, I'm not good at gambling hahaa
Morning bro have a great day
Good morning! How many points has everyone earned so far?
True values are never formed in a day. As OG's, who value Optimum, we know that this role cannot be guaranteed in a day
I can not join engage task. I just earn 25 pts for chat, vote and check in
Yeah, maybe they'll add more roles in the future.
Yooo my jiggys, what's popping
dont go all in ser, heed my advice.
play when you feel comfortable
Good morning️ How are you feeling today?
Be careful, all your points will be lost
keep up the spirit bro, collect points and repeat your defeat hahaha
Actually, it would be better if there were level roles. We could collect engage points and strive for new roles in a competitive environment.
So hard for get 1k point bro
I don't want to play coin flip  because I'm very unlucky. I already lost 10 points the first time I played
I don’t want to lose my role through gambling
That’s so true! Patience is the hardest part, but steady effort always pays off in the end
i'll manage my bet mate, in hope i will win big
Yup that is correct ser, we must get one thousand points.
Morning guys nice day
You can get 40 points every day if you are active. And plus to these 40 there will be tasks with twitter and ama session.
The mee6 bot is one of the best bots in Discord management. Contributions are always taken into consideration. Even if level roles are added in the future, the XP we earn from the messages we write now will still be taken into account.
It's all about risk management, like trading shitcoin
you must fight this urge ser dont let it all go to waste
at least maintain it with 1000 points, okay?
Ha ha. Congratulations bro. I’m too
very hard , I don't know how to earn more point.
Ok I will bro
Missing one task completely messed up my plan for earning points each day.
im doing fine
after all the daily points have been collected, i wanna gambling
yes ser we need those points to retain our OG roles
don't bet so much haha
I also collect points, don't forget to play coin flip hahaa
This is a good idea, maybe the project will announce it later, hopefully no one will be disadvantaged.
Oh no wonder you can get lots of points
Wow nice bro hope you secure Og role bro
good man now gone get ye some sleep up in ya
It's sad. But don't feel bad, you'll still have time to make 1,000 points.
I’ve missed it about twice too... I need to set a timer
so hard bro take risk if u wanna earn more
tasks from other projects that are currently being carried out
woaav good... actually, earning points isn't that difficult. However, we tend to be a little impatient and want everything to happen right away
You lost really big
Yes that’s why I don’t bother about the points
okay, thanks for the info, friend
Gamble so risk but there’s no other way if u want to earn more points
I went out to have fun, and when I came back at night, I forgot to do the vote task.
you must be gamble your points a lot mate, keep teh good flips
very naicu ser keep it up 20% done
I’ve never done it because I’m too scared of losing
Yes nobody’s knows what the future holds
all good mate, With the first rays of the new day, I continue to collect points for Optimum
Today i bet bet 100 points but i lose
Yes they told we have one AMA per week 10 points per AMA
nice, climbing fast! what’s your next goal?
wow big point bro i under 100
how was your day people
What is the task where is it bro
sorry, i think the events re only to maintain the OG role
That’s very sad
The odds always been 50%, just manage your risk
yeah i have 200 point mate keep it up
Thank you ser I will do well to sleep a lot like his a good sleeper
Yes, this is the highest role level in a discord channel, we will have many rewards for that
Good morning, friends!
If there is an AMA in the future, I will bring this up. Perhaps it will be useful in revitalizing the community.
just do the daily task bro
100 points  are you sure bro
I missed last night’s vote task and lost 5 points.
Goood bro, how about you
What are the odds of winning in gambling? Has it increased?
Yeah bro time to earn 100 point again =]]
have you done it already or not yet?
I’m fine, and you. I’m from viet nam. Are you from?
You can join the coin flip if luck smiles upon you.
I'm doing fine, too.
keep contribute bro. maybe you 'll get OG role in future
Yes, that makes sense. Anyway, let's keep striving to hold on to our OG roles  We have a great opportunity here.
Now time to earn points
I don’t even know how many points I have
only gamble will give you more point bro
I have almost 400
how to doing engage???
Only 10% of my current points, let's say you have 80 points, then you bet 8 points, keep betting on one side, never change side
no it is not ser you have to sleep to perform at your best so take good care of it
Am not OG bro The campaign is for u guys the OG in the room
Maybe you can suggestion with team
for sure, it's totally a challenge! but we got this!
I have the same thing. The main thing is to be active every day and there will be results.
Good sir, how about you?
For now the want to filter the OG role
how many points do you got mate? i just hope there'll be a chance that u'll get OG
Actually, it would be better if there were level roles. We could collect engage points and strive for new roles in a competitive environment.
No bro Sleep is for the weak lol
points are stacking up slowly but surely
Howw are u today mate
I get 90 points in 3 days. Very slowly
you too have a nice day
how much do you bet when playing?
yup, how you doing ser, everything good?
Keep pushing bro You will get there
How many points have you collected bro?
Yeah mate you know different people, different terms or words but same meaning, how are you doing?
No bro just earn point from active 20 messs for 10 point
How is your plans today
good morning mate wassup
Oh, then let’s ask the Mod and seek their support. I haven’t come across this situation before either.
you're not sleeping, sir
Okay, clean slate, let's score some points!
clean reset lets get these points ser
youre welcome yuki
Good morning. How are you?
Morrning mate have a nice day
ok please elaborate i just know that 10pts for grinding + 5pts replay
Yes brother Just keep putting in work and don’t gamble
Obviously from betting
Will level roles be added to the server? I saw the mee6 bot on the server. Most servers that have this bot also have level roles
Good morning everyone
Wow, where did you get so many?
Yes, it will end very soon, September 15th
campaign’s lit, thanks! just a few more push ups
I FL you bro please fl me back️
No bro It’s still late over here 1:13am
376 points rn
yeah, I hope so, friend
how to doing engage
good night bro, see you tomorrow
20 points, man. There's a little mistake.
Alright, the program runs until September 15, so what we need to do is just stay consistent every day.
I think is about the post that the team post in
hahaha how many points have you collected?
consistency and effort are the keys
good night guys see you later
the rules are u only can get max 10pts grinding chat per day mate
I posted on TW why it was not accepted?
Thank you, you have had breakfast
wow, the color of your nickname stands out so much in the chat
Obviously time to gamble my points once again
X engagement tasks are really important for earning points. However, I hope the team keeps the points for X engagements a little higher D:
I've followed your Twitter account, friend
I followed you bro
lol true, better late than never, right?
Yo brosky What’s good Hope you’re doing good
hows your points so far mate? my target is 200pts total
per day max 20 message / 10 point
Yes, you can do flips and also the daily check in
Is earning points from chat limited now?
Good bro , how u plan today?
Yeah let's do it bro
Yes bro You can do you still have more time Just stay focus and consistent on what u do
Yes, I am also sure of that. Hopefully, in the near future there will be a Twitter engagement task so that I can add more points.
I have no choice but to collect daily points. If I play flip, I'm sure I'll lose all my points
Hey guys what’s up?
you will get more than OG
I didn't send spam, I was given 5 instead of 10. Is this possible?
Boss. Is the current chat points earning limit only 20 points per day?
Am good Honestly I don’t know because I am not OG so I don’t check my point
Lets goo bro , i want to play
Yes, don't forget to check in daily, it's not bad, you can get 5 points
its 10pts max for 20 msg 15+ character
It's not in yet, bro, if you tell me, don't be rude
Perseverance leads to success. For this, we really need to make an effort. However, I am sure that everyone who makes an effort will easily reach 1000 points in the end.
Maybe you’re spamming, or your message doesn’t meet the requirements.
Gambling always seems hard
Yes, of course, I hope the community can help optimal development as time goes by.
whatsup sir, What are you doing
Sorry bro Maybe u ate something not good for u
lol, guess you gotta flex that OG status then!
Oh i see i think is so hard
I received but only 5
Time for flipping guys
Yeap it was fun tho
It hasn't come in yet, bro. Wait a few hours and then the points will come in.
Hahaha  Everywhere good wbu
I have only collected 65 points, will I get to 1000 points?
Hehe you play coin flip?
10 points for 20 messages or 10 points for each messages (all 200?
Fine and you. How many points you earned
Damn, okay, I don't know, I only got 5 points for 20 SMS, I'm going to bed
I hid channel  otherwise I'll lose all the points I've earned here. I really believe that I am very unlucky
hope they will mate, join the vibes and we can make Optimum better
Am good bro How is the campaign going Hope u are making good progress
Collected 5 points placed bet and lost it yayy
can follow each other's account x if you want
I want to go to Kamarandi lol
What’s up bro
no 5( only( I measured everything, I don't know how it happened
good info sir hopefully others can find out
Can I get a X followers I want to reach 300 followers
oh reallly i dont even know hahaha kidoo
My stomach feels not good today
yo brosky, what’s the 411 this time?
lol guys why did I only get 5 points for 20 messages?
good bro how about you bro?
You can find many resources on YouTube. Although some sections may be missing, causing you to spend more time researching, it will still get the job done.
lets do the daily guys, its been reseted - Daily check-in ⁠│task-center = 5pts - Vote ⁠│points-check type /vote = choose both of it will give you 10pts / 12hrs - Grinding 20 meaningful chat = max 10pts per day (15+ characters - reply = max 5pts per day
gmum im good sir. hbu
Exactly, let’s try to accumulate the small points we earn each day.
Do you send any message longer than 15 characters?
Gmum ser How are you doing
What is this point, I don't understand? What is it?
10 points for 20 messages or 10 points for each messages (all 200?
There are many options ranging from discounted courses starting at $1 to much more expensive courses. You will need to do some research.
morning mong , g00d day how about you ?
That's the term you understood, I simply understand it with grind, grinding in a positive way is same as contributing hehehe
No, I wrote it today, I'm sitting here waiting for my points, but they're not there(
I think for message you can after reset will get point
good morning mate
wait a moment, maybe the point is delayed entry
Very shiny lol
I have no money only on free resources
good morning everyone and have a nice day
Totally! Fingers crossed it absolutely smashes that goal!
right?! would be epic if it hits that mark!
gmum luminary , lets to daily
It is pure luck
You can find many resources on YouTube. However, I recommend Udemy. You can find high-quality training courses at very affordable prices.
It's strange, I've already written 20 text messages but still haven't received any points.
dont grind it you need contribute it
morning gess , how are you ?
Which side should we choose to win, or is it just luck? It really feels like a blind game because there’s no information to make a decision.
Gmum bro Hope u good
It's a new day mate in the house let's grind again for optimum points greetings everyone in the house
I also want to study after effects. I really need it.
oh great, I think they'll thank you!
good morning my friend
yes i did two times i won times
ofc! I think I'm good at using After Effects and PS. I will use these tools to create some content for Optimum.
yep, that’s it! just hit vote and you're good ️
Yes, brother, you can lose everything. It's very risky.
I had a boost available. I used it for Optimum.
Well, great, will you do anything else?
Don't go to flip coin. It might be too risky for you.
I shared it on X during the sticker contest, and I just shared it on the
Wow, great, are you boosting the server? Did you buy it?
when will twitter engage will be live
Since the OG role is higher than the Server booster role, my name color didn't change
you can publish it wherever you want, for example in X
for sure, but it’ll be a bit of a scramble lol
Come back tomorrow and keep up the good work!
see you fam
are you betting?
hehehe now I have a Server Booster
I think I've written enough messages today too. I'll continue later. Have a nice day everyone!
I'm also very tired I can barely sit I'm overworked
woooavv the appearance of Server Booster role is very good
Morning my bloody red brother
I also barely understood what and how, today I finish 20 SMS and go to bed
I understand, thanks for the info
i won more 15 points lfg
Thank God I figured out how to earn points here I'll continue tomorrow
Thanks for your endless support
for sure! teamwork makes the dream work, right?
Just go to coinflip and press filp
all points in the OG revalidation campaign are based on the rules announced.
Have a wonderful day
Hei buddy keep on fire
Come on, I think everyone will be for it! People like you are needed! Well done!
Yes, being here is a great privilege, and being an OG is an even greater privilege. We need to give it the respect it deserves.
Me too, it’s a pleasure to meet you. Have a good day!
that's the way to play, sounds risky but it is
yes brother, it tempts you to play
Especially video and maybe some coding
My hand is tempted to play coin flip but probably not
yep thats a great idea
I'm not sure, although anything can happen. We need to try.
Hey guys What’s up How’s everything going
I have some special content I plan to create for Optimum.
I don't know if I should take part in this either
Come on man, if you lose, double your bet.
The daily check-ins keep me disciplined about following Optimum.
Will you award bonus points for contributions that are significantly higher in quality than normal?
lol fingers crossed for that 1k!
Is it a coin-flip game, my friend? I see many people earning a lot of points, but I don’t understand how they play.
oh thats great mate i just won 15 points
I understand, there is just a problem with this activity too.
What is the most beneficial thing that can be done for Optimum right now?
thats why you need to be stay consistent to become the true community OG
I'm in on that bet, but I'm just betting small.
Yes, friend, thank you. That's right, together we are strong!
Gmum sir, have a nice day sir
but there were some users who designed very beautiful stickers
thats great i too trying how did you got 90 points?
I need to log in to the site using discord and click vote. Is that all, or do I need to do something else?
yo yo mate
thanks bro, I'll remember to vote again tomorrow when I wake up
for sure! focus is key, let's crush it!
Gmum Optimum Chad!
Good luck to you too, nice to meet you here
I would appreciate it if you could take a look and evaluate it.
We all helped newbies and others here together we are strong!
I sent the stickers I designed to the
I mean Im not updated here so still dont know how to vote
I would also like to know because I will have a weekend when I would like to relax
I understand, thanks for the clarification.
The bot does not work immediately, wait, check again within 5 minutes
Yeah this is the flip right
I'm also interested in what the maximum number of points a team can score
maybe try a diff source? could help, idk ‍️
I'm also interested in this question. I voted, but the points didn't come...
I wonder if you miss 1 day, will you be able to catch up later?
I designed it for a sticker contest and it needs to be saved in Drive.
Great, you are very hardworking, and luck will come to you.
How to vote?
It's a pity (no big deal, better luck next time!
you can check anyones points on your own in
but I was not one of the winners of the competition
Great, I think you can publish it somewhere.
The project really looks promising, good investment and this is only a seed round
I had previously designed a sticker for Optimum.
remember voting reset or cooldown every 12 hour
Yes, I think so too. The project looks promising.
for sure, just keeping it real here!
Of course it's hard for me to communicate in English (it's a pity I don't know it completely
It will be tomorrow, I'll vote now and go rest bro
I just saw that the brand kit is on
you are right we can get that
wow well, we'll see. I think everyone will be satisfied.
okey thanks mate
I don't know where to look at my points, can you tell me how to do it?
it's okay just send question here maybe other can answer that
35 points, more to come. But for now this is it.
thx but I don't think there is such a channel
all that remains is to wait. then we'll see. I came across information that there will be a limited number of questions in advance, but these are rumors from influencers
Yes brother, how many points do you have already? What did you do today?
good we can together reach that.. fighting
You can find it here my friend #ofiice link
What is the max points that can be earned in a day?
you can do it! there is still a lot of time and there will be a lot to do
yes i think same with this and answer the question before
well, thanks for the answer bro I just thought you didn't know for sure
So far nothing, I assumed, let's see how they do it
lol, same here, it’s all a bit of a maze
Where can I find the Optimum brand kit?
I have 90 points now, try to get 1000
until this time i never playing but if last day can get 1k maybe i will playing
No, but very soon, I wonder in what format they will take place
yes thanks how much you have until now?
I understand then I'll meet them tomorrow
wow! i have 15 only( but i trying
not bad, do you dare to bet big?
very nice bro! You're moving great!
i already answer before but if you want know from moderator it's okay
Very cool, my friend
I think at 00:00 my friend
I think he just assumed, let's see how it goes.
i have 75 point bro
When is the message timer reset? at 00:00 UTC or after 24 hours?
They are watching you ask
totally agree! just gotta stay focused, right?
They are there, but they are probably resting.
What code serr, any explanation for it?
I like this project, so I will be here every day do you know moderators appear in the chat? I have a question for them
How many points do you have?
It's also interesting, in one of the projects they gave a code to get a reward
what information you need, about command or which?
exactly, thanks for reminding me about ama sessions. by the way, is there any information on when they will be?
I wonder if after ami they will tell us the code? or how it will be counted
yes i need atleast around that to complete all task everyday
yes you are absolutely right + ama meetings
i think take risk on playing coin-flip but this very risk if can't manage
They bet big bro, you try it lol
As I understood - you need to write from 20 messages a day, do a daily check, vote every 12 hours, and wait for activities with twitter
Probably we don't know something ok, we'll work+
I didn't find such information there :/ I don't see it and that's it
for sure, that’s a solid win! let’s keep it goin!
I wonder how people have already made 250 points.
I have about the same points as you
this good bro to secure point
I wonder how people have already made 250 points.
have a nice day
yeah i'm trying too, are you almost there?
I hope so too! Let's wait for development!
maybe you need read
I always complete the mission before reset
Yes, you're right, friend. This is the main thing now.
Helo sir, have a nice day. I have 100 points, and u ?
at the moment I haven't found this information myself so I'll ask the moderators when they're here
Yes, brother, you are right, let's move forward!
take your time around 20 minute everyday it's enough to complete all task
is that really what you mean?
I still need more than ten messages, my friend.
optimum will be know soon in different countries
Yes, I am also finishing 20 messages now and will go to sleep
Yes, it’s true that I haven’t yet understood the plan of movement.
yes this true but you can looking for alone it's good
I'm quite well, have you done your daily task today?
Now the main thing for us is to score the right number of points and then everything will be fine for us
cool, bet! daily tasks sound easy, let’s grind!
Me too, I was busy yesterday and have to try today.
what task is hard for you sir?
Helllo bro, how many points do you have?
at the moment we can only guess how it happens, you need to ask the moderators
keeping and keeping pushing harder we are here for thst
I really hope so too. The project looks promising.
Very cool, my friend, keep going, don't let up.
better to completed misison before reset
No, I still see the point and not be refreshed
Helllo my friend, how are you today?
i hope so can reach before event close
I'll have to ask them when they're here
yes i think correct
depends on what you're doing, but usually takes time!
If im chat before reset not count?
and have a nice day, my friend, come visit us again
i started today and get my first 35 points . far from destination
maybe daily claim can be maker if reset or not about that
this version is logical, I am also interested in the opinion of the admins
Good day fam
Reset in 07.00 wib ? In indonesia country for reset time?
okay thanks i hope can reach the 1000 poimt
I understand it. Thank you very much my friend ️
have a nice day and dont forget increase the point
I think so too, but I'm not 100% sure, so I asked in the chat, maybe someone knows
I think the task here is quite easy, my friend, as long as you are diligent.
in my time 27 minute left before reset
Ok thanks you for your informations buddy, have a nice day
I agree with you bro we are real OG
How are you mate so many hard task is there
sure thing, just hit me up when you're back!
that is, in half an hour? did I understand correctly?
This campaign is about 1 month, brother
Nice to meet u
00:00 utc maybe time reset
I am also interested in this question
Hey everyone good morning to everyone
25 days left maybe - ended 15 september
Friends, does anyone have any information about when the timer for writing messages in the chat resets? After 24 hours or after 30 minutes at 00 on UTC?
no, i asked for the reset time for the chat, not how many chats
yes mate you are right. need 1000 points. need to be here every day
we can do it cause we are OG bro
I wonder how long this campaign will last
I hope so too, hopefully there will be lots of tasks to get points
That's right, I hope we all make it, otherwise it will be very sad
great job this minimum we must get in a single day
lol fr, just trying to keep it real, u know?
yeah, me too. because i missed the first day of activity here in messages.
i got 35 points today
limited reward for message only 10 point so just need 20 message, but more is good
oh so that's it, continue sir to help even though he doesn't have OG
on the other hand, this role will be valuable later but if we manage to earn 1k points, I think it's realistic for those who will be here
i hope before ended have many task from there
Yes mate,  there are high hopes for that
you need start to consistent collect point
I understand my friend, but I didn't find this command
You need 1000 point at the end, you can complete daily task in here
yes this will helping us for increase point
absolutely! can’t wait to rack em up! ️
I already get sir i just answer people no have OG role
yeah i also want to know about this, is it the same as daily claim point?
perhaps twitter activities will be added to this
yes, we all need 1000 points, we are trying to earn them
You don't have another chance, it's clear that many people have already received it
just need but not working is nothing sir
The team certainly gave us a real obstacle!
already ended sir i dont know about another chance
yeah you need to collect 1000 points it makes sense i think it's a good project
yes, everything is correct, + other tasks will be added soon.
Although the chat is lively, I thought there were more people here to be honest it's still nice to communicate here
I want to know the time it takes
yes cause the reward up to 20 points
and I need 1000?
Very cool results ! keep going!
daily claim - voting 2x every 12 hour - send 20 message minimum 15+ characters - and you can get 35 point
it take time
For some reason my vote was not counted
So far I've only made a daily claim and entered the chat then I'll go vote too
got it, daily grind for those sweet rewards!
is there any ways to get the role? or already missed it?
We are all waiting I hope there will be a lot of them
For chatting is reset in hour? Brother can im ask
no bro...i just see this s h i t about O G
Yes, brother, we can’t do without him, we’ll have to work every day.
I don't know if message point do add currently durring this time
the campaign already ended
wow this great to optimum bro
but we'll see when there's a community calls, because all possible ways to earn points are important
The most important thing is consistency
how to get OG role?
you need more active are you already voting everyday?
Please tell me, should messages be written within a calendar day, or from the time when I started writing?
not yet, just farm points broski or
thanks for reminder sir
I voted but this was written there {Vote now to earn points! You can vote for Engagerly once every 12 hours.}
Why? Try every day and everything will work out
Logically, this should be the first time this week i think 
why how much your point now?
Kindly use the command / profile you see your point looking at you
Yes, everything is correct + other activities
I see I will lose my O G
yes and still waiting new task from twitter-engage
if y scroll up you will see all info all help each other
only coinflip remains some will be lucky, some won't
No, we are expecting the first one soon I think it will be soon
Thanks, I'm a bit lost around here lol
reminder daily activity send message, claim daily, and voting 2x every 12 hour
I voted but this was written there {Vote now to earn points! You can vote for Engagerly once every 12 hours.}
yes, it is very difficult, you can only rely on other events. you won't be able to collect the required number of points with messages
I believe the team will do something about it mate
LOL  for me required to collect 1000 points or my og role....
for sure, points = good vibes! let’s do this!
It's only my first day I'm doing everything I can
There haven't been any community calls yet?
Well yes, in 10 days 350, in 20 - 700, it's hard to get 1000
yes, the only hope is for other events. You won't be able to collect the required number of points with messages
Yeahhh, I play some, and win some
Thanks lol, have you been here for a long time?
Did you see something like Thank you for voting
so you won flip point too ?
Congratulation. That is great.
Same! I got many point from there too
I'll leave coinflip as a last resort if I don't manage to get 1k points
it's normal cause one day can get 35 points
Ok. Thanks for the information. Only you alone could reply. No one else
maybe later be event for all users, stay tuned
you won't get credit for the tasks, you don't have a role
Oh the campaign is currently for og roles
How do I check the amount of points here friend
You welcome see you tommorow
and are points for messages counted once per calendar day?
Very difficult. Because texting for 25 days you will receive 250 points.
No, I tell him I got this point from coin flip haha
i got 70 points without any gambling. Is that cool guys?
I voted but this was written there {Vote now to earn points! You can vote for Engagerly once every 12 hours.}
I have no access now maybe I have to wait and contribute here
Where can I see how many points I already have?
go to and get your daily
I know right but this kind of thing might leave us without any option
claim reward daily on
Lol you want to dare him to flip coin
I wonder if it will be possible to get 1000 points without messages?
Haha no wayy
Thank you my friend, I will have it lol
How to daily claim
for sure, gotta hold onto those vibes!
Here mate Use /profile
I don't like gambling because I might get addicted to it 
You can check your point here only to those OGs role holder thou
Yes mate it is a good day
Go to tasks, everything is written there. Also do voting.
Play coin flip
Yes , all bound to the task ongoing
Where do I check my points
How long did it take to achieve a good result?
Thanks for the response. ? Please what can I type to get the daily points mate?
We are really looking forward to it because it is important, without it, all that remains is to flip a coin
Nice u have lot more points
You are a whale
Feels good to see so much energy in the Optimum server lately
Yes, brother, you have no role, you won't get anything counted for it.
Have a love sleep Portal
what do y need mate
Okay got it
I have 85 point now
Good night, everyone.See you tomorrow.
I lost all the points, but on a different server, I don't want to play like that anymore except on the last day, if I don't have time to score the required number of points
Campaign is basically meant for those with OG role
Then I'll probably avoid it too
Oh i see , gambler are risk taker
How many total points you have?
Good night guys
It’s strange that everyone in here types but nobody can help someone who really needs help.
haha that was our another mod, he's a pro gambler
You will just risk it all lol
Great day friends
How do we earn points mate
It is there, but there are no tasks yet, we are waiting.
Doing great wbu
we fine brother for you
gotchu! when do u need it by?
This can only be done on the last day if you see that you won't have time to score the required number of points
OK, let's earn points
I think it is a normal problem
I think so too, although they would have made 10.
I agree with you exactly.
How are you guys doing
ım not lucky coınflıp for me little bit dangerous
I read it and I don't really understand how you can do it, but if there are Twitter engage, then I guess it can be done
Don't you think that 20 messages are too many for 10 points?
Good morning sir, have a nice day
Can no one in here answer a simple question or help someone jn here ? Please what can I type to get the daily points mate?
Yes you can loose all of your points in there
And many chances to double too 50/50
i meant that feels more chill here unlike other days. So i thought you guys banned (cooked many poeple/bot today xd
Don't be sad, brother, everything will still be there!
see you ser thank you so much
I haven't played and I don't plan to there are many chances to lose everything.
I tried once and get retk lol
see you fam
Tell me the tip how to earn in coinflip and how it works?
Oh sorry . wasn't you flip loss 100 point yesterday
Coinflip is a game of chance, isn't it? You can lose all your points there, right?
and our memory too
good night all everything is good with Optimum
How are you doing with coinflips?
i need it ( (
Read the announcements, it has been explained many times
Task what else daily checkin , vote and coinflip
You don't need to type anything. You click the claim button here
not cookin, just losing in coin flip
Will there be other language branches?
hell no, it'll be a shitsow 100% sure
Exactly , with that we earn minimum point
Optimum scales blockchain memory
What do you need to do to earn 1000 points?
Stay consistent that's the key I think
Good night mate. See tomorrow
enable gifs for users; ( ((
That's the route
No one ever response here. Please can someone tell me what to type to gain the daily check in ?
stay nice frAI
stay consistent guyss
no keep your eye in
we need to wait. as far as i understand, nothing has happened yet
I think the team will do everything soon, it is clear that they are trying
None that i know off
Good night, everyone.See you tomorrow.
Alright. Waiting patiently
coming soon bro, stay tuned
I really hope so too
Is there any twitter engagement post now?
Points you can collect daily:  Daily check-ins - 5 points  20 meaningful messages - 10 points  Voting - 10 points (Every 12 hours Total = up to 35 points per day
What do you type to get the daily points mate. Can someone please help me out here ?
yes, it is need to track your activities
I hope they will help us get the job done.
The same here here lol
oh, i see. i thought it was anime
And twitter engange there may be new tasks
yes it is real, but you can't miss it, the month will be very active
Easy. Currently at 115 pts. Just be consitent with daily activity. Takes 10-15 mins per day
I have 40 points how much u have?
It will be added to your point for 5point , check
don't type like a bot you may get banned
Are you sure bro I didn't get the right point
Optimum ensures fairness in DeFi trading through synchronized state propagation
that's not part of my strategy. I like being consistent, no risk approach
The event closing sept15
25 days + x and ama y can achive it
Maybe, not sure How many points do you have now
I think 35 points every day
are you cooking ser?
You do flip coin aswell ?
Tell me, as I understand it, the final will be in the first quarter of 2026?
With gambling on a flip?
One day we get 40 points maximum I think
I read the announcement and figured everything out now everything fits together!
Yeah u'll get it
yeah right. then mods cut off many people xd
Let's see how it goes then
No only the weak sleep You only take break not sleep
I don't think there are many, you can't miss a single day or task here.
Just like you reply my message right now
Ends on 15 sep
I think it's a great start. Don't worry. I think they'll help us along the way. The important thing is to continue until the end.
It's very interesting how many people will go this way
Yes, that's the max point
Daily check in and what is daily reply
No ,it was 30 secs since , it seems you don't take note of thaat
Maybe u can get 40 point bro
how many days left
Opium is l1 biuld on Etherium?
I think 20 points is maximum per day in chatting in general chat
it's 30 seconds right now. I felt like yesterday was like 15 or something. Not sure tho. I might be wrong
Lets go push
1 day = 35 points is my strategy
Return of the Blossoming Blade, from manhua chinese comic sir
Check here to get idea
Soon everyone will be whispering its name.
oh no still same as it is yesterday
I'm already waiting for the first ama or twitter activity I want to gain points faster, but it will be hard
Seems my own is 30 I don't know the possibility of getting 1k points by then
I don't know how to do
no i see slowmode cooldown inchreased
whats anime in ur profile?
Lol kinda , most people have relent it seems
all chains need optimum
ok bro done
I'm also interested in this question, are the messages summed up or not
wassup yall. it's more chill here unlike yesterday.
maybe yes, i didn't know about mechanism about message, i know 20 message = 10 point
Yes that as how it is
sleep work repeat
Optimum enhances Solana’s Turbine protocol with fault-tolerant sharding
sleep is optional ^^
You will have to collect points on daily basis.
Can we get 10 points by messaging only once a day?
you got only 10 points from chat in the day
Just be active and do your daily claim
With the effort I made tonight, only 25  How about you?
No worries, mate
be active vote, claim daily, and 20 message = 10 point sir
How many points do you have now
So how do I get to 1000 points?
It's my second day but I have few points because I was very busy.
How can I get reply points
The roadmap looks super exciting Which milestone are you most hyped for?
The vote working got point for the vote
Try login again - only one is being voted i think
Yes only gmum
Not really. I started today How about you?
bro vote is not working fine I believe only can get 10 pts a day ha ?
go to point-check chanel and type /vote and you will show vote link sir
Yes. It's a daily task
bro, really so, thank you again for your help!
Sleep is for the weak ser
Have you collected any good points in the past few days?
Go to and type / vote
I'm doing good too. Just observing
How to vote please do guide me
I'm great, how are you?
Thx, everyone writing about it but nobody how
really ? are you serrious ?
You can vote on the point check section
fine mate chilling here thanks
Max of 10 pts can be collected in a day for messages
You sure you check your point here
i so good kepot how are you?
Can u tell me how do I vote
What’s good my people?
ok bro done
please tag me if you see some crazy
I can only get 5 pts after voting for both platform why ?
Maybe clear your browser cache and try again
How are you doing mate
i send 110 mesages but my points 30. why ?
hey bro how you doin
Glad you see it too!
They did actually
Ok got it thanks deepakdx
thanks bro, i didn't know that, i wonder why the team didn't say anything about it.
It already lasp with today 10 point
bro, when I vote I don't get my other points i don't know why
choose first site and authorize by discord
i dont think that 20 messages are too much bro when we talk each other
Thats like 10 minutes of the time each day on a server with 30 sec timer
its ur time right now for complete all broski 20 min only
Yes, there are two different sites for voting
You are correct
in a day u have chance to vote for two time in 12 hour interval
Bro you know how to check in?
Been busy all day to do task
i check it brother but 20 messages so much
Optimum is building the foundation for the next generation of high-speed, scalable dApps.
didn't know bro, thanks. It turns out that two different bots need to be used?
Points you can collect daily:  Daily check-ins - 5 points  20 meaningful messages - 10 points  Voting - 10 points (collect it every 12 hrs Total = up to 35 points per day
is a new day
now here, i'm so sleepy
my point right now total 30
Smb know what means checkin(how to?
Yes, 2 votes and next 2 votes after 12 hrs
I did two sites, but it gave me a total of 5 points.
Optimum scales data
10 pts every 12 hrs (2 votes - I am collecting 20 pts for votes for last 3 days Total of 35 pts can be earned a day 5 pts - daily check-in 10 pts - 20 messages 10 pts- voting (every 12 hrs
do we have any idea when the testnet will begin man?
ok it good to confirm every criteria
May be stupid question but where and how to check-in?
Look at this 5 pts - daily check-in 10 pts - 20 messages 10 pts- voting (every 12 hrs
and how can you vote 4 times a day if there is a 12 hour time slot?
Optimum speeds txns
I didn't know that that means 20 pts a day? really ? I don't think so bro max 5 pts I know
i dont know about that i just asked man
Nice to know that you are from Nigerian optimum member
nah just vibe in here, just be real
thank you information mate
not planning to introduce a checker for the number of messages per day for the task?
see you bro I explained all the things for you, get your points bro
1 vote = 5 pts. You can vote 4 times a day
Exactly, staying consistent with daily claims and votes really helps keep your points growing
I'm from Nigeria
I'm tired now, I'm going to sleep. I'll leave the chat for tomorrow when I wake up. Of course, I hope I get the points tonight.
hey buddy see you tomorrow
Points you can collect daily: • Daily check-ins - 5 points • 20 meaningful messages - 10 points • Voting here ~ | type /vote in this channel - 10 points (collect it every 12 hrs Also please check channel and you can also share your content on x and share . Lets see the real OGs brother please check above
All need to do is 5 pts - daily check-in 10 pts - 20 messages 10 pts- voting (every 12 hrs
15+ characters, just engage naturally
Sorry if I'm being stupid. But if you vote twice a day - 10 points. For communication - 10 points and daily check-in - 5 points. Where can I get another 10 points that you're talking about?
Yes, i sow the channel but can’t understand how to check
ok so do chat .
i from turkiye brother your country ?,
You mean the number of points?
Rest well. See you tomorrow.
If I write short sentences, will they be given points here or does it have to be long?
I need to sleep guys, see you tomorrow, never give up keep going
I think you neeed to vote on one out of two
okay brother i right now check it
Glad you do where are you from?
Mod good evening!! we must talk about Optimum in our conversations here to get the points?
How could we check our progress?
Optimum ensures fairness in DeFi trading through synchronized state propagation
We need to earn the required points from chatting within 24 hours. Is the number of characters important or only the sentences?
heee i just now undersstand thanks
It takes two sites for vote, right?
Check click popup vote on top gg then login with discord or whatever
Where are you from chief
no sleep yet?
Listen to me!!! they say we must talk about Optimum in our conversations here?
Vote twice in a day
Scalability has been a big barrier, and Optimum’s solutions make it easier for devs to innovate.
You earn more through flipping
go to bed buddy
Do we have to earn the necessary points from chatting within 24 hours and become active here?
There are 25 points here, where can I get another 10?
Yes you do these 5 pts - daily check-in 10 pts - 20 messages 10 pts- voting (every 12 hrs
0 points for every 20 substantial messages in ⁠｜general (15+ characters about Optimum as a project or our recent updates.!!!! So...we must talk about Optimum only people??
What's up mod how you doing
Go to and type / vote  Each vote = 5 points - Vote twice every 12 hrs
Hahaha don’t sleep You have job to do lol
congratulations brother really so good point
its seems possible bro, 100pts within 3 days possible
For sure, Optimum is built to be a game-changer
Do daily checkin and flip the coin for more points
where is voting my brother ?
Nope I'm not you can do it too
How many chats did you have to do to get 100 points? For how many days?
i read this here someone mention this in chat in day one of event
and how to get 35 points per day bro?
5 pts - daily check-in 10 pts - 20 messages 10 pts- voting (every 12 hrs
whattt? are you joking me ?
This is the first time I've seen this, it's very funny, bro
It's 35 points per day Bro
That's massive bro you flipping coin too?
Keep chatting, and the points will be added automatically.
check the  kindly
Why feeling so happy
I do this always ... I count the characters
Yes achieveable if you stay consistent through out
20 for messages right
Yes bro you get it optimum is a good project
some people just say one thing about the maximum number of points per day, others say another. Here, it turns out, the answers are somehow taken into account. I don't know how to believe all this.
what you mean in 15 words? i must send messages that have inside fifteen words? where u read that man?
Sure I started yesterday and I already got 116 point
Good night, everyone
Optimum resists pollution attacks by verifying reconstructed data integrity
Has anyone collected their points?
Is that achievable?
you can collect upto 35 pts per day. That's without the X raids and weekly sessions
What's your point now?
Where are you not getting it
try to reply buddy but i listen sentence in 15 word
Thanks for letting me know. This is very promising.
Earning the points is soo tough here I guess
just don't forget to claim your daily rewards and vote every 12 hour, thats important
Someday I'll learn English, but that's a whole other story
we bever give up!!! i think we can do it people
I still don't know how many more sentences I need to write to reach the quorum?
Minimum of 35 points for 30 days
The same here Hope you had a great day
All you need to do be active here and collect points fam don't give up
Hey everyone good morning to all
i dont know that either !!! a critical question is when we will haved testnet
Also buddy, everything is great, I just don't fully understand the point system
the translator did not translate correctly
I have this problem too
Yes including the starting Day
Help me calculate how many days it will take average man to get 1000 points too
I have last 3-4 daily message then will go to the sleep, need to rest fam
fine ...just here trying to keep up my role man
Has anyone collected their points? I've been chatting here a lot, but I still don't know how many more sentences I need to write to reach the quorum?
I'm doing great bro, thanks for asking
How can i earn more points from coin flip?
mikey how areyou mr brother
Run till September 15 check announcement for full details
yes this was written like replying/engaging to other earns you that
yea finally I voted, I opened new browser and fixed
so is day 3 now you mean right??
It's going fine and yours
Literally what my teachers said back on the school days
Till when it will run bro any idea ?
Optimum allows clients to read and write data from any flexnode in the network
good mate and the day is awesome
I'm doing great. I'm in a good mood to chat and watch a drama
fine bro how about you??
It started the day before yesterday
Guys, how are you doing, how is your day going?
Dude how can i gave you points tho xddd okayy gngn
5 for replying to other! I didn't know this.
what date this all started bro?? 19?
yeah, just checked mine that i got it just now (+25 pts. last time mine was like 55 pts ok done
Okay, I went somewhere else, good luck.
I don't think your math is mathing
It would be nice to have a bot that would show you the completed taxis, and those that have not yet been completed.
It was written clearly on
Yes, Im a painter and I paint and I had to finish a painting and I didn't have time to do my work.
so few points!!! I think only the X could save us
115 here where did you start to dey active?
only team knows
i have also 35 people
It's for OG peoples kk
27 lose coinflip haha
i'm trying to grind here lets see if i can get there
just 30 brother how much your points now ?
I know, I thought you gave me 25 for the message I need to go to bed
No, the more you chat, the more points you earn. Try to stay active consistently.
Thanks dear kriptinna I'm fine. How are you?
we need just 20 nmessages here ?
alright man lemme reload/relog my discord and I'll tell you if I still couldnt see it.. it wasn't this weird yesterday xd
Wow are you a painter ? For real ?
i understand it brother
how much your points now ?
I didn't see where they said 10 for replying to others
do we know when the engage to X will open bro?
reset time? 12am utc i guess and the local time depends on where u live
Yeah, I was busy for a while and I had to finish my painting.
i think it will take some time to update
In order to vote you need to go to the website, is that correct?
i really really so good bro
yoo , good bro , how about you ?
10 for messages 5 for checkins 5 for replying to other 5 for voting that's what you should get minimum if my math is mathing
Maybe you should retry
We are glad to see you. How are you doing mate?
Optimum reduces bandwidth costs through RLNC-based data distribution
mikey how areyou mr brother
I know, but I don't feel like it.
Developers always move toward platforms that solve real challenges, and Optimum is doing just that.
weird, that option is showing up correctly for me
Thanks dear Have you been here since the first day of the campaign?
i mean what time exactly....3 at night??
Yes, that's how it should be and it resets every 12 hours so please come back after resets. I haven't tried the 2nd period of voting so far so not sure if it earns you points
but doesn't he only give 10 per day for messages?
what mean De RAM ?
Check well and know if there is extension that is preventing you
do we know when the 24 hours end?
Why ? You should come everyday
Exactly, that’s why Optimum is so promising for developers
try to type longer sentances
yeah, just checked mine that i got it just now (+25 pts. last time mine was like 55 pts
guys I can't vote idk why it says adblocker but I don't use
Yes that's how it is for everyone
Yeah I was busy and couldn't come
I think everything will be fine
It works pretty well
Why do I only get 5 points for voting? Is this how it should be?
Optimum resists pollution attacks by verifying reconstructed data integrity
this is ur first day ?
Yes, absolutely. Optimum’s P2P and DeRAM approach gives devs the tools they actually need to build at scale.
haha i'll try it bro
Strange, why can't I see this thread?
Go here choose either head or tail
Just be consistent mate. You can collect upto 35 pts per day. That's without X raids and weekly calls
Good night have a great dream
you too bro wish you luck
Have a good night rest
good night everyone
How can we flip the coin bro any idea ?
Yes, I'll wait for it to be updated and then I'll check my points
oh thanks buddy, that was interesting to me
I've never been so scared of losing points
Not much, I think 1 hour will be enough
You can do it too Choose same side two times
Same, imma check later I guess. my rewards tab on engagerly topic was gone in a sudden today xd
So that's why it hasn't changed, thanks for the explanation.
How many hours should I spend on that day???????
It works strangely, I followed the requirements, okay, I'll check this point tomorrow
it take time to update so wait
Optimum is building the foundation for the next generation of high-speed, scalable dApps.
yes! this is what i meant, but i haven't seen that tab just today. it was there yesterday
Why you miss the earning opportunity of points ?
i try brother. what is your point?
Yes, mate. I am collecting it.
I'm afraid that even this little point of me will disappear.
Bro I won 30 points 2 times
points may take up to 24 hours to reflect.
How many points do you need to collect every day? Is it specific or does it increase the more chats you have?
You’re right, I missed that
its not bad brother, keep moving
Yes, Optimum will attract more devs this year because its P2P and DeRAM solutions solve real pain points like latency, bandwidth costs, and scalability.
Points are not updated? Because my points are not changing.
Are you sure it's the only thing 20 points for voting?
I'm scared of coin flips and can't do them
I'm about to go to bed  Being a long day
I experienced delay in getting points for chat
you can track this on " ixeeu's Rewards." it shows up in next to the
What do you mean by this bro?
No words - only symbols . Minimum 15
Credited only after you completed the requirement btw but it doesnt have delay as I experienced since the event started
Let's all do our best today!!
Yes. I think you're right  . We need to trust the team and continue supporting the project.
How can we earn points any idea?
my points just 30 brother
How many words should each sentence have to be approved? Should I write it short or make the sentences longer to be approved? ????
We do task and communicate, and what are you doing?
Optimum leverages Random Linear Network Coding to accelerate data propagation across networks.
how many points you have?
in addition to this, 20 points for voting per day (10 pts every 12 hrs
I'm just asking why, I wrote a message but there are no points
Hey guys how y'all doing today
How to earn points ser can you tell me
There are official links in the discord, you can check everything out there.
Write more messages
it s ended mate unfournetly
All posted on that you might want to check that out
time is flying
There is still a long way to go, I think so.
How do you know all this? Can you help me with the docs or white paper please
4 months ago we got this og role at Optimum
Currently, friends who have OG need to reach 1000 points in order to keep their OG role, and you can collect points by doing the following. (How to collect points to keep OG: • Messages: 10 pts for every 20 messages • Weekly AMA: +10 pts each (≈ 50 pts total • Twitter: up to 20 pts for interactions • Daily check-in: +5 pts per day
There was like a tab on engagerly section showing like your rewards tab with a track where are your points coming from i haven't seen it today, strange..
that's it, the quest ended a couple of months ago
15 characters or more you should talk about optimum
Hmm I'm not sure if there will be a new campaign for that, but we just got this OG from months ago and it's already ended
Do you think Optimum could attract more devs this year?
I won several times, but then I lost everything badly. It doesn’t seem interesting.
how to get this OG role anyone ?
Has anyone noticed that you were getting points for messages almost immediately or after a certain time interval?
Not sure about that but I'm not risking stuff like this ️
no( I haven't played at all yet
Has anyone won coin flip twice?
Thank you bro
Optimum’s focus on long-term sustainability makes me confident this project isn’t just hype, it’s built to last.
Go to and Write /profile
For this, you can go straight to and see ur own points
Got it, well, may luck be on your side
Write /profile in
good night too, great fam and enjoy
/points - check - write - /profile
I think about 60 or 70 points
I am doing well
how to points check?
Good night all family ,how are yours all
I haven't earned from 20 massages yet IDK why
15 characters, words don't matter, just characters
ı'm fine dude what about you?
15 characters about optimum projects or their latest announcements
15 characters or more is enough, you could talk about Optimum or everything else just chilling
yeap, I'm trying to do that
How are you all doing
Thanks mate. Your suggestions are great too.
I'm okay You?
Okay. And what command should I use?
If you just make a comeback, try this : - Daily check-in ⁠│task-center = 5 points - Vote ⁠│points-check type /vote = 5 points each per 12 hours - Grinding 20 meaningful chat = max 10 points per day - replying other chat = max 5 points per day - betting your points ⁠│coin-flip = 10 opportunity / day - type /profie to check your total points max point 40 points / day without gambling ⁠️│twitter-engage will get you up to 20 points but there re no tweets engagement to work on yet
hahaha me too 30 points hahaha
Do you know that Social and gaming chains benefit from low-latency interactions
How many words should each sentence have to be approved? Should I write it short or make the sentences longer to be approved?
40+- points per day
I just earn with coinflip bro
How are you
Lmaoo  solid plan bro, just reset the age counter for extra luck
I hope they will introduce calls and Twitter soon
It won't be too hard I guess for daily, except some people really reading docs just to send some bits from docs like bots :/
I would like that very much. Well, let's wish the Optimum team to continue working and developing in the same spirit
congratulations my brotherrr
They introduce more means of earning these points
yes ( i have only 20 today(
Trueee  that’s the easiest way
I sympathize, tomorrow I turned 20 to make up for it (joke
wow really? 75 points soooo hard
Read their documentation and write about what they do or give your opinion on other people's text. It's not too complicated.
Damn bro better safe than sorry, no casino vibes here
Full details in the announcement!
not yet, I once lost a couple thousand in a casino, so I'm trying without risks ahah but I feel that without this it will be very difficult to gain 1000 points
Honestly bro just random chill replies work talk about the topic, crack a joke, drop an opinion
hey there buddy, how's it going?
That would be
Okay, where can I check my score?
I mean, you are doing that right now tho
You are doing it right now
You're welcome my bro
This reawakening campaign feels like a reset, a good chance to prove who’s really here for the journey.
How do you check your points buddy?
What do you write to get points? I still haven't been able to get points tonight.
I think over time we will understand in more detail
thanks bro, i appreciate that
Alright would keep my eye out for that
Daily engagement tasks are a good way to keep us active while learning more about the project.
Absolutely if Optimum keeps executing, it has everything needed to lead Web3 into the mainstream
Could be  if they keep that speed + smooth UX, they def got a shot at leading the L2 game
Good morning to you
I wouldn't risk it have you taken the risk yet?
I just lost 10 points now Good night
You're moving fast I love that Keep it up
Yes, send 20 messages character discussing about optimum or their latest announcements
The vision of Optimum looks ambitious but achievable, that’s why I’m here long-term
are you here to 1000 points?
right, met some new guys here yesterday or two days ago. they were pretty chill and i like them
Hahaha glad it hit  sometimes the random examples are the most relatable ones ‍️
Wow, did you win a part in the coin flip?
I'm telling you bro I love it here
If Optimum delivers on the roadmap, I can see it becoming a leader in Web3 adoption.
Niceee that’s solid bro, I’m still grinding my way up lol gotta catch up soon
You're doing well, good luck to you bro
Do you think this will help Optimum become a leader in the L2 market?
They are, chillest vibe I ever seen
Bet hard on your friend
The points is track by bot
Should we send 20 messages a day?
I liked your example!
yeeeah true  it sounds cool on paper but lowkey still kinda confusing… we just roll with it
i have 75 points, that is craaaazy
Alright my bro MOD is friendly too
Yes, I support it too
haha facts bro  we vibin’, just chill farm mode on but still keeping it cool
good night brother welcome
I got you man, no worries
very interesting, but not very clear
i have 50 points bro 
I have 107 points right now
How then is the points being tracked cos the team would have just created a channel for everyone to track their X contributions points
Fr once you taste that speed boost, there’s no way back old bottlenecks feel like dial-up internet
The campaign idea is smart because it filters real members from inactive ones.
Good night fam
Optimum runs a decentralized network of Flexnodes, connecting easily via API
ok my friend. thank you
how many points you have?
Bro how many points do you have?
It's okay bro now you know xd but we're just chilling here but keep ourselves behave
Why? You should have
exactly giving love to the real OGs keeps the vibes strong and shows who’s been holding it down since day one
So those letters doesn't matter  Thank you Boss I hope you're good and enjoying the vibe here
yeah after Optimum’s speed, going back to old bottlenecks just isn’t an option anymore
One thing I like is how Optimum combines utility with community incentives, it creates real value.
looooooool bro wtf, got you
I mean, I was just guessing for that one. It was a default reset time for every system based on my experiences :/
Should we be active somewhere else besides Discord? I'm just active here. Don't I need to do anything else?
I think the idea of rewarding active OGs is perfect, it keeps the community strong and motivated.
Pretty simple tbh just like, comment, retweet their posts and sometimes tag friends it all stacks up for points
looooooool bro wtf, got you
Guy is okay nh
Optimum’s approach to interoperability could make it stand out compared to other projects in this space.
I see that not everyone is counted, there is a pitfall somewhere
Well... Let's light it up a little stronger?
Alright someone already responded to me but thank you
sir is it true? please answer
Been great yesterday and feel good about today, thanks mate! btw yesterday I think I saw stuff like where I could track my own points earning but that tab didn't show up today. Any idea?
Have you checked if your points have dropped
facts once you get used to that smooth flow, anything slower feels broken
I know and I don't care haaaa
i don't mean my role but you should never care for the letter thing, just vibe around abd have fun
Omo I for just use my hand spoil something for mysef
The recent updates show the team is active and pushing forward, which is a great sign for long-term growth.
For sure Optimum turns that smooth experience into the new normal
It’s not open right now
I still haven't been able to collect points for today
Thanks! hope you're having a good one too!
So how do we engage with twitter to earn points ?
Same here bro  just clicking and hoping it’s the right thing… feels like mystery voting at this point
you have a bad translator bro ahahahah
Guyyy I just checked profile now Omo I'm really sorry oo I didn't mean it It's just for my message to count
I think am trying to figure something
TO is 30 seconds and only chats more than 15 characters counted for points. Credited after sending 20 msgs btw
doin well, hbu keiko
I still don't understand what we're voting for there
I really like how Optimum focuses on building strong community engagement, it makes the project feel more solid.
okey espresso boy i check it  thanks man
Yeah fr, it makes everything feel smoother  less waiting, more doing
if you create a huge then maybe
Not open for anyone. Only admin have access
Optimum improves user latency
sir i just follow u in twitter have u follow me back big thanks
Exactly bro  one solid vote a day keeps it fair and way less annoying than spamming changes nonstop
dang this dude just straight cooking the mods
no worries bro, anytime also kindly check to get more information
Does anyone know if there has to be a certain interval between messages for points to be credited or if it doesn't depend on that?
wow sounds perfect!
need 20 messages with atleast 15 characters
Why is the twitter channel not opening for me ?
yes but you lose points
do the calms
They have a separate topic mod . Some discuss Optimum's interests, and some discuss their own. Ahahaha
insha'Allah God will do it for all grinders /hustlers
stay here and the pansies will come by themselves
bro i might have to ban you for this
nice to meet you kanki too, where are u from mate ?
okay brother thanks for info
Where was the point claim section lol
Stop wasting your seconds less than 15 characters doesn't count
Vibes and inshallah
I just woke up xd it's 5AM here, woke up earlier today to do run and workouts etc how u doing?
Haha nah, I’ll just stick with my pick for now  changing all the time just makes it confusing
nah bro, no homo here, the point is that I know only you here... I dont have any brothers here, only you
I chatted a lot here, but I still haven't been able to collect points for today. I think the number of sentences and chats needs to reach a certain number to get daily points. It's been a bit difficult.
no just vibe in here
I agree with you, once every 24 hours would be more convenient
Oh awesome Nice to meet you kanki
Now I'm happy, thank you for cheering me up.
also be carefull to use min 15 character on your messages
Go here bro it's specialy made for there
im fine hbu
hey mod! how you guys doing?
Well, yes, but maybe they'll change it.
okay my brother i keep going
ohhhh yeah i remember
Good night optimum family
As soon as I came here, I started chatting with you guys you don't remember me, I felt sad
Wahala I'm trying to refer you to where you'll read the announcement Alright go to and read the second message
omg, haha not too bad bro keep going, you can do your best.
well the only option is to set a timer ahaha
Ok done bro Thanks
I guess every 12AM UTC? And the local time depends on where u live
V nft discord channel   hahaha
hmmmm please help, from where should i remember you?
Kanki means in bro in turkish, I'm from Turkey btw, we generally use kanki like a bro
i mute stuff like that
Exactly! That curiosity is the spark and Optimum’s vision keeps the fire burning
bro haha you have really nice english btw , where did you learn this ahaha
It's almost 12 o'clock now, but that's not very convenient.
Brother, what else can I do? Do you remember me here?
Today feels like a true milestone for Optimum and everyone who believed along the way. When you look back at the progress we’ve seen — from consistent updates to community-driven energy — it’s clear this project is about more than just existing. It’s about creating momentum that lasts. The best part of celebrating is knowing this is not the end, but the beginning of a much larger journey. We can look forward to building, improving, and shining brighter with each chapter
Check click popup vote on top gg then login with discord or whatever
No I don’t
Please give me a brief explanation, brother.
do you know what is the mean for kankito, I can explain
Now it's every 12 hours, right?
Who is kankito
What more don't you understand lemme brief you
you guys are going wild in here
Totally! The futuristic vibe makes Optimum feel ahead of the curve. People get curious first, then they start trusting once they see the vision
Heyaaa buddy, how are you?
is what time the 20 massages reset?
daily 100 points earned. after 10 days finish  (sorry bad english  
Are you into boys or am I not understanding something?
Do you think more options might be added in the future?
Don't plan on changing your vote once every 24 hours?
Yeah it's very easy, go here and use This command /vote them follow the prompt
yea I know this thanks for reminder kankito
maybe help answer questions. and for the points i think automatically given to you
Talk about the project Get to know other users You need to send at least 20 quality chat to get 10 points
Okay, I'll be consistent, but it's obviously not easy, I'll try to handle it.
ahh bro sorry but i not understand
you can actually talk about everything tho
Congratulations mate how have you been
yeah bro, because you are not enough for me...
ahahah bro its a bit hard but not impossible, we have to do our best
ok boss, I'll keep notifications on
please read the message before copy pasting your message lol
Anyone knows how to do voting?
don't think much buddy, just stay consistent. community calls and twitter engagements aren’t live yet, those points haven’t even started yet
Bro the more I dig into Optimum, the more I feel it has potential to stand out from other L2s. Feels like we’re still super early
last 970 points. moreeee   hahahaha
I hope you understand it better now
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
I can't vote btw I don't know why its not allows me to vote
What should I talk about daily or how many useful chats should I have to collect points?
What are we celebrating
okay. thanks for information
who received the maximum amount per day?
hahahaha, made me laugh
Are you sad again, brother, what happened?
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
okey brother i later check it.
Who has the highest point among us all We need some ginger
I have the same bro, need more points
Just 10 daily bro nothing more nothing less
okay. so total of 20 substantial messages a day only can give points?
Today feels like a true milestone for Optimum and everyone who believed along the way. When you look back at the progress we’ve seen — from consistent updates to community-driven energy — it’s clear this project is about more than just existing. It’s about creating momentum that lasts. The best part of celebrating is knowing this is not the end, but the beginning of a much larger journey. We can look forward to building, improving, and shining brighter with each chapter
Please read the section.
no comment haha
not much. just 30 points brother. your ?
and how much your point now mate?
When start twitter engage?
you can check his points too
Just 10 daily bro nothing more nothing less
yes it was rude, but it's funny 
i need you, i miss you
how many points you have my bro ? did you check ?
Ser ask your question
only english here guysss
what happened here brothers
There's so much chatter here that no one replies to messages to give advice.
Of course. I can't imagine how we can support a project and its team without doing some preliminary analysis.
stay strong, buddy!
what happened here
only english here bro
Suup friends, how is your evening going?
What time is the task execution counted for? What time zone and time?
We can talk and discuss optimum use case
I couldn't do more than ten
No, the point won't restart after 20 messages
i your brother  please tell me
Say whatever you want, just make sure it's about the project and type in English
its a secert lmao
when the points restart for 20 massages ?
Keep going buddy you're doing well
We can talk and discuss optimum use case
how many total points daily can get for chatting?
Im not sure but im react and chat more than 20 msg
how much your daily points?
Do you think this futuristic feel helps more people trust and adopt it?
How to do vote Can you guide me?
No. This is the only chat room
just started today and it's like 25 bro
In technology, stability is often more valuable than speed. Optimum has found a way to give us both. They move quickly, but not recklessly every step is measured. That’s a rare balance in this space.
Just keep going and the points will add up quickly, don't forget for daily claim and vote every 12h
good result I am just starting
daily point pressure
hahahahah me too brother. what is your points?
I feel the same the branding really reflects Optimum’s vision of speed and scalability
when the points restart for 20 massages ?
Pretty solid tbh. I liked how Optimum focuses on scalability while keeping things user-friendly. Feels like they’re building with real adoption in mind
Is there a chat room here in other languages ​​that I can use to get help from others?
And we still going to 1k
I'm good bro, trying to safe my OG role here its hard but we should do our best
what are the chances in coin flip?? i lose all my points?  casino
hmm, does it work if we react to other ppl
I'm 55 now what about you buddy?
0xteager how are you my brother?
This is why they need regional channels
yes I agree. jujutsu kaisen is really good anime
oooo brother teyrebaz how are u my brother are you good ?
I just started now and only got 10 points
What can we talk about? I'm new to this system. If you guys know, please help me use it too.
True loyalty isn’t in smooth times, it’s in resilience under pressure.
Hahaha, points 
daily tasks will bring 600 points in 30 days, where can I get another 400?
I think like chat again or react emogi
hey guys how are you now?
I don't think so
Thanks I know it's so hard but i can handle it
all in optimum, we will gonna do it, umitmoneyim nerdesin
Only 50 points, i just started yesterday
Security is everything in tech, and Optimum clearly prioritizes it. You can tell that user trust is central to their design philosophy. Without that, no project can last, but Optimum has built its foundation around it.
what's respond points ?
type in english mate
dou you speak english ?
Or lose it all with a bet
I mean this point, I didn't get credit for the answer and reaction Period daily Reward 5 points Response Type | Goal | Channel Reply | 1 | All Channels
i don’t think its only about luck or coinflips. many are progressing just fine by staying active and completing daily tasks
That being said, if I win the first time, I'll walk away. But if i loose, I have no specific plan
forgot to be active here today fam its really hard to be active here
I see many advantages in this project. At least The branding of Optimum feels clean and futuristic  What do you think about this?
Optimum powers dApps
Absolutely inspiring! Love seeing a project grow with such strong community support. Here’s to even bigger milestones ahead
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
yeah haha, enthusiasm will also disappear
Let me break down Daily 5 point 20 chat 10 point Respont all chanel 5 point Vote on topGG and discordlist 10 (You can vote again after 12hour 10 So if we max active got 40
keep telling me already claimed but its new day
yes. it is mandatory. (it is safe
ahh you are legend if u can control your greed
can’t wait for task engagement on twitter
I don’t think there are point for reaction. You need to send 20 quality messages
I would like to know too. how may points you got
Today feels like a true milestone for Optimum and everyone who believed along the way. When you look back at the progress we’ve seen — from consistent updates to community-driven energy — it’s clear this project is about more than just existing. It’s about creating momentum that lasts. The best part of celebrating is knowing this is not the end, but the beginning of a much larger journey. We can look forward to building, improving, and shining brighter with each chapter
Do I have to access it through the discord?
This is ridiculous, the rules are clear, you can send it, you can do it.
cant wait for this one
wow how you chat like this, very very long text bro
Who has the highest point here
I don't know, I'm not a very lucky person, but I've always been someone who could control their greed
Let's say you bet 5 points, how much will you win? Randomly? Or is there a fixed rate?
has any posted been available there before ?
Today feels like a true milestone for Optimum and everyone who believed along the way. When you look back at the progress we’ve seen — from consistent updates to community-driven energy — it’s clear this project is about more than just existing. It’s about creating momentum that lasts. The best part of celebrating is knowing this is not the end, but the beginning of a much larger journey. We can look forward to building, improving, and shining brighter with each chapter
Handpick?? More like we are going to show that we are committed to the growth and development of optimum
As I understand it, you'll be lucky to keep the role of OG because you can't get 1000 without a coinflip and you need to take risks.
Can anyone tell me why I set a reaction and responded to the user in the chat but I still didn't get 5 points.
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
keep an eye on the Twitter Engage channel
yooo, is your pfp from demon hunter
you need to go to the site that the bot is pointing to. log in to the site and find the button "vote"
teach me how to be lucky
It's just a game, so I'm not worried, but I don't want to spend any more points on it.
You can chat here Get daily point here
Nice, that helps a lot, knowing the project makes it easier to stay on top of things
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
I only tried it once, and that was with the five points that I won.
I understand it's 50-50
Where should I get daily points now? What should we talk about that doesn't exist? Please advise, friends.؟
How much points you got till now?
ahhh, im so jealous man. my luck is always bad
what rates in coin flip?
What do I do after I entered this order?
alright thankss, but someone say to max daily point is 35 points, which one correct?
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
and someone flipped 10 points and lost, haha very bad
Nice! Curious to hear what stood out to you the most about Optimum
wow are u zun? i see pfp zun hahaha
ye, if you want
Glad to hear that bro
oh how was your research bro. if you don't mind sharing
Max total 24hour u can collect 40 point ma bro
Do you continue to guide me?
You're welcomed mate
He was very lucky
bad luck yeahh, keep spirit my friend
very luckyyy didnt get rug
Loyalty isn’t tested when it’s easy to stay. It’s tested when the effort is heavy, when the grind feels endless.
I also spent a little time researching Optimum
So, who is giving you these points? Because you can't earn them like this within the announced framework.
Optimum is adding decentralized RAM. It’s like plugging memory sticks into the “world computer.
You are welcome
going and use /vote
thank you very much for your help
For better life bro, imagine your point all gone
With Optimum, blockchain memory evolves from a bottleneck into a high-performance resource for the entire ecosystem.
According to the roadmap, there will be another testnet before entering the mainnet?
yeah thats right, nice for info bro
wow someone flipped 10 points and won 30 points.
I lost my coins there and don't play anymore.
I thought you could only earn points within the framework that was announced. I wasn't aware of these methods until now.
How to vote?
you can type /profile in to check your points
Type /profile and your username in
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
Loyalty carried us through today. That’s why OGs always win in the end
maybe you can vote once a day? it's not convenient to do it every 12 hours
yes it's the same as gambling
what is command to check my points?
gmum brother how long have you been here
Guys pls how can I check accumulated points so far, I'm just lost
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
have you tried that brother
Not much, just grinding and keeping up with points, you?
idk about that i never try too
Hahaha yeah i dont like risk my point
20 messages with more than 15 characters: 10 points Engage tasks: 20 points Voting Then double it with a bet
What are the rates there?
All is good my friend
It's gonna be great because I think I'm being way too active here
Well did my little research When we engage, support, and uplift each other, we make the project unbreakable
Tell me, can I vote once every 12 hours? Or twice, I don't understand.
wdym by that brother. which vote
I don't like to try my luck either
try it with just 2 point
My posts, my support for the project, completing tasks, helping peoplein short, embracing the project.
Wow good bro How much point you got now ?
It says once every 12 hours, as I saw on the voting page.
I am doing well, my man
What's cooking guys?
only 10 for chat?
No OG stands alone. The strength of Optimum comes from the unity of its people
and 20 for Twitter is it necessary to wait for a post in the twitter engine?
Me ? Nah i dont like gamble
how to increase luck in coin flip
Yes. Send 20 quality messages here everyday and daily task in
You're doing a great job, bro
i not use it because i not lucky
Yeah, sometimes it’s better to play it safe than risk losing points
you can check
bet and luckily got 10 points
I am really afraid to do so. how many points you got
10 points for chat and 5 points for daily 1-response to all channel
Nice I need to go do more research about optimum, how it connects to all blockchain.
How do we earn points???
Thanks, everything is great
I think tomorrow or the day after will be
Good day everyone, have you all bet your point
Awesome. Follow the official twitter account for updates
Is there any task that has been posted?
absolutely right and i feel very hard if i rely on coin flip
Yes! Together with us Optimum is power, we are power
og is a temp role so be careful
what a max. point per day?
That's right. Have you been with Optimum for a long time? Do you know this project well?
I hope tasks will be posted in this channel soon
hahahaha, I wouldn't risk that too
Thank you, everything is great! And you?
I know you are joking and teasing you a little haha
My day was awesome wbu
I read the blog and documents about optimum!
yeh, i think without engage, we cant up 1k point
My points 50, not very good at gambling hahaha
Optimum gives blockchains the high-speed memory backbone required to support next-generation decentralized applications.
ok how then.. i tho each message here is 10 points i guess not
everything is fine. how about you?
Bro, I was just joking
You're right, I lost my precious points there.
Tell me, is it worth 2 votes a day? or 1? I voted on the site once, I was given 5 points, or can I get more?
How are you, friend? How is your day?
Optimum grows stronger when we all push together. Every message, every effort adds fuel to the mission
me neither bro it is just gambling
How much can I earn without a coin a day? 20 points? 10 for a chat, 5 for a reply and 5 for
Not correct mate
yeahh i know but we must be patient
very good saying. continue bro
just not use it
Optimum is a decentralized network of flexnodes that can be run by anyone and permissionlessly connect to any blockchain.
How are you guys doing today
just lost 65 points back to back  , then i win now it's recovered
I think it is risky to use coin flip
It's nice to write the right message and earn points by helping others.
Momentum is everything. One action leads to the next, one effort creates another. Optimum is moving and we’re the engine
okay let me check but each text gives like 10 points correct
don't say that, follow and believe this
So how could it possible?
we need faster
Who is waiting for twitter engage like me?
Claim daily 5pts , i got
Same here not gonna lie about it
And how many points do you have now?
Goodnight, see you tomorrow at the same place.
idk maybe next week
ok mate hope I can accumulate 1000 pts
You have the OG role buddy Just go through to know how to keep the OG or lose it
I'm convinced the Twitter Engage channel is just to mislead us
try and keep track of points here /profile
i won after tryin 5 to 6 time back to back in Heads haha
we getting points here every time we text correct
No, I don't like risk
allo when engage?
I really love the energy here
how do we check points ? is it /profile in ?
Omg, that stuff has been eating me lately, I've paused abit for now
hey guys vote on from the list bot or both we must vote?
I wish you good luck, my friend. Earn those points and come back.
vote and check in direct but msg could take time
Keep active your gonna get it Let's keep rolling mate
The more consistent we are, the more unstoppable the project becomes. OGs keep that wheel turning
come to this channel my friend
No exact time shared yet, just keep an eye on announcements, they’ll post when X engagement tasks go live
thank you so much bro
How will Optimum handle scalability compared to other L2s?
Go to and type commmand /rank. You'll see your point there
how do i get the og ro le by being actie an stuff where do i track how many points i got please
This is very important
Thank you, how can I forget something like that, it like forgetting to eat breakfast lol
thank you bro
Momentum carried us through today. Tomorrow, we build even more on Optimum
yes . promote community enthusiasm
whats your score mate, I am finding hard to cross 25 points and now I am bit scared
check in points added immediately ?
I'm also looking forward to it, we need more points
What strategy do you use in the coin flip?
oh no i'm afraid i'm unlucky(
never miss a point
You reminded me. I have to check in to avoid losing 5 points.
I'm coming. Let me go and try my luck with flip coin again. Wish me luck
Well said! What do you think will be the biggest driver of Optimum’s momentum the tech itself or the community pushing it forward?
Ajeh I no go lie for you baa, and the thing be say me I no even sabi the total points wey I don try gather now self, I no too understand that voting to earn points self.
I completely agree with your words. And the team's approach to selecting OG holders is quite fair.
Glad it worked out for you, that’s good to hear mate
now try your luck on coin flip bro
i dont now
don't forget to daily check in guys
I like your suggestion. Let's do it.
votes are from you mining . extra points earned by bot
When is twitter engagement starting. I have to get my points up
thank you! i have 35 points, not bad not bad
Another brick laid. Another step forward. OGs don’t stop
Please, my friend, how are you? How are things going?
Go to the "point check" Use the command /Vote
Omg that's very near, still got a long way to go, I hope I make it real
good night. sweet dreams
Guys, tell me how to vote, and why the announcements don’t say anything about voting?
Momentum is everything. One action leads to the next, one effort creates another. Optimum is moving — and we’re the engine.
I dey try baami. Na how I go take get this 1k point dey my head like this
good night damzy.
points are added on real time or later for check in and sending messages ?
We took on the role of OG about four months ago by performing galxe tasks
engage is open, who know?
Yeah true I can recall thank you sir.
Goodnight mates See y'all tomorrow
Let's get excited for this campaign everyone!
Absolutely, collective effort is what will drive Optimum to its fullest potential
its ends 15 september
I think you are supposed to type /profile to view your points
a few months ago on Galxe
Baami, shey e wa daa daa, how every where na, hope say you dey enjoy your self
The grind is never glamorous, but it’s what separates the talkers from the doers. OGs are doers
you enter the command /vote man
The OG role was taken over by Galxe tasks and ended.
yeah now it worked really fast so I am good thanks mate
None at the moment but keep your eyes peeled and stay active we never know when there'll be one
You were probably very active in the flip coin part, right?
Loving the vibe here, feels like Optimum has strong energy.
Damn it, I need to be serious now ooo, like how many weeks do we have left
E kabo ooo
great wishes. you tooooooo
how do we check points ? what command to use
why when I type the command votepoints it always shows me 0 points(?
Optimum grows stronger when we all push together. Every message, every effort adds fuel to the mission
Happy to help nate
no not available this campgin to lower og not to add new ones
are there any active galxe quests going on mate ?
Yoo my friends and families, awa tun ti dey oooo
asked but he must have a role to participate in the campaign
I love the energy in this optimum community
got it mate thanks for the reply
that is really great bro
It’s usually just a sync delay, best to wait a bit and check again later
sorry think my msg was not tagged propelry, I read above that someone is having 259 points so asked
It's ended alongside the galxe quest we got it from
Tell me where it says about voting? I don't see it in the announcement, but many write that they give points for voting, what and where is it?
maybe you are missing votes on another bot
one of my friends asking about the og role if it still available ?
what question mate
I bought it by contributing and supporting it.
Since when have you been engaging for point on discord
günahkar how are you
That's huge how did U go about that
what are you talking about bro
20 points how mate, I heard its only 10 in day
Alright thanks. I'm new here just saw the project on cryptorank
Optimum redefines blockchain performance by turning memory into a decentralized, scalable, and permissionless infrastructure
Nicee But then you haven't said how you came to have this much points
does anyone here to answer my question ?
I didn't think you had that much. Congratulations, my friend.
you sure or have u bribed the bots or game, plz lemme knw
Copy 7 time no change choose only tail for 7 time
Is that your point
ey yo gunahkar
This is just the spark, but sparks start fires. This is the beginning of a flame that will last for 30 days and beyond
when has the og role task started ?
Galxe quest, ended now tho There might be other events in the future that'll give it tho
will be a few hours to change date. you can earn 1 dayf 20 point vote
Günahkar Casper Points  259 points Member Since ⏰ 4 ay önce Görsel  Roles @OG, @verified
wat dehelll how you get 259 points?
By joining early. I think it's closed now.
no problem guys,its ok
i win brother i follow 7 step plan on 1 heads or tail only one
yeaaaaaah im win ehuuu
Skill issues my bro Skill issues
good night mate
How do you do mate where have you been
have a nice day guys,
Tell me, what does the thread with cosunity tweets mean? Can you get something for it? Or what is it for?
How did you get your og role?
I think its slow but finally got fitdr 5 points for voting and feel glad
Wow, how did you get that much points tho
coin-flip game( it's dangerous to play this
Don't be offended by that message, I went too far
you have 259 points . really ?
I think don't use it too much. I only used it once, and that was for about five points. If you get fewer points later, try it.
Wow that's cool mate congratulations
Showing up again proves that yesterday wasn’t luck it was commitment. That’s the true OG mindset.
yes, we should strive to be exemplary stewards of comradery and spread the glory of optimum!
good night fam
OG roles usually signifies being early, so there's more stuffs lines up apparently
gimme the tricks, just lost 35 back to back lol
i cant vote, Something went wrong while trying to vote, please try again later fagh
How do you do mate Where have you been
how you lost?
How did you lose 2 points???
no luck . try again lucky lucky
come on, don't gamble
my voting does not count towards total points, what migh b the issue ? anyone expert here
Tell me, is the event with OG roles the final or is it an event before something more global?
/profile in the points channel will show you
I lost 2 points((((
Being OG isn’t about the role it’s about the responsibility. Today, I take that responsibility seriously
What do you mean by 7 step plan about my plan
Im fine, thenks
where is the daily point claim
First i am plyain 2 point then 4 then 8 then 16 then 32 then 64 you will one inshallah I pasted what he said up there
Lilyeah why claim failure now
How can I check my total score?
That's very impressive. What are your plans?
The flip coin is taking all my points ngl
Optimum isn’t just a project; it’s a mission. And missions require soldiers who are ready to show up every single day
Just creat 7 step plan about your plan
Good evening, I’m doing well, how about you?
You get no problems bro I'm always here to help especially at by this time
Can you tell me a strategy on how to earn the maximum number of points per day?
Make a clear plan of 6 stages and accumulate enough balance first before you start flipping
Just chatting here Daily points Vote points And one time use flip coin
Explain your strategy please. I think there's a hack to the coin flip stuff. You just have to figure it out
I lost yesterday like 50 because of greed
win or lose yeahh i think i will loes
Good evening I'm doing well thanks
so how much per day can I earn the most?
lol I lose my points in flip
and where should I vote?
He's explained his way of getting it already
Every journey starts with a decision. Today we decide to prove what being OG really means discipline, loyalty, and consistency
Lol Maybe ,that's how it is  How are you my fren
I was wondering how the ranking is controlled? I need to check for myself.
No, in two days. Actually, I started a day late. I think today is the third day of this plan starting
I want to be as lucky as you! you are the luckiest at optimum
What’s the main vision behind this project in the long run?
Vote 24 hrs for 10pts Claim daily 5pts Reply a msg here once 5pts Complete 20 msg with 15 characters 10pts Flip coin 10x per day Win or lose on you bro
can you byte it please
Good evening, everyone. How are you doing?
Okay bro just waiting here
Alright bro Be seeing ya
Yeah. I think it's really good
Thanks today i get 88 thanks and bye everyone see you tomorrow
And what have you done for this?
spam for what?
Did you flip coin? Or you're only engaging here only. How did you get 50 points?
Don’t know yet mate But hopefully soon
you got 50 just today?
no spam bro
In 2 days
I totally forgot bout the campaign so I'm just starting today, I'll start flipping once I've got enough capital
you are welcome, OG-brother
i think its spam i am doing best i am kkay i think so thanks
I think you’re doing great, my friend! Keep it up and don’t stop.
bottom is the penultimate channel
thats how a coinflip works haha, take it or lose it
And how did you get them? in one day?
Thank you bro, ama soon?;
how much point we get per day?
15 letter words Like " optimum P2P is scaling l1 and l2 Blockchain in web3"
Follow tomorrow and count how much you played foloow point management plan
Yes it will be announced there
I reached 50 points. Do you think it's appropriate?
coin flip from optimum is a dangerous thing, you can lose everything( casino
Choose Heads or Tails and flip Depends on luck I guess lol
Please what are you talking about here
Thanks for sharing the information
What game is this? Please explain more.
Yesh and i earnd 78 today
choose for me, heads or tails???
me too i hope we reach 1k point
7 step it is Will accumulate enough first tho
Where I can check info about ama and calls? In ?
so how much per day can I earn the most?
Yeah, I agree with you.
Congratulations, you are very lucky!
thanks mate means alot
what your strategy
if 7 step you have minimum 130 if 6 step i will suggest you to 80 point
I'll always be waiting for you ahah
have you played coin flip?
10 points for 20 substantial messages here and 5 points for daily 1-response to all channels.
yes, bro: Points you can collect daily: • Daily check-ins - 5 points • 20 meaningful messages - 10 points • Voting here ~ ⁠│points-check | type /vote in this channel - 10 points (collect it every 12 hrs
Follow my strategies you will win inshallah
you over carefull
We'd have X interactions later Also there'll be AMAs
Go to here (check point  Use this command /Vote Click the link and log in with discord acct ...vote
It’s a very hard for 1 month
okayy ty guys very helpful
I hope we can all reach 1000 points.
What's the average balance you suggest to start with?
Really excited to see how Optimum is evolving lately!
vote to get points and daily chekin points i really easy hard to flip point
Got it, I hope you can get this role and become part of OPTIMUM!
How do I do it also. I've not being so lucky with the flip coin and stuff
Vote for what?
and how to earn 1000 points in mathematics is not even a beat. 10 for a chat 10 for a daily and 20 per day for 25 days is 500 points and where can I get 500 more
Go to the points channel and use the / vote command
at points-check chanel you can type /vote then you can show vote
ooo thanks then am going to sleep
First i am plyain 2 point then 4 then 8 then 16 then 32 then 64 you will one inshallah
Ofcourse but they shouldnt spam message here tho
how to vote here and get point?
Yes, that's right, sir, because it was finished a long time ago, but there is information that in the future there will be such a role, let's see later.
That's what he answered already 10 points is the maximum earned from chatting
Yes, you need to get some more sleep
Lol I play responsibly  Flip 5 to 10 win 15...I rest my case
i get today 78 points without 20 massages 1p point i am lucky today i am following 7 stage plan
and how much maximum per day can I get by chatting?
What time? I started messaging 6h ago
yeah, we'll see later, sir
What ie mean by 15 charcter sir i don't even no
only for think and motivation?
the role of OG is no longer available, as far as I know
Did you check the time fren
ahnn so its 2.29 AM here so i can go.??
how to vote and get 10pts?
I think maybe you can get other roles.
Maybe you are not following the rule of 15 character for each message
i think my 6 massages done
Optimum + RLNC isn’t just another tweak, it’s a breakthrough that crushes bottlenecks, cuts latency, and keeps the network strong even as it grows, making Web3 feel like true next-gen infrastructure.
optimum team is really nice and supportive for his members
There's no limit but you can't earn more than 10 pts per day by chatting
you should use it if you won't have time
True. DeRAM greatly speeds up the work of smart contracts and dApps, giving them instant access to important data
Well, if you really want to, you can go to sleep
Thanks bro! I'll stick with it! First day today.
Thanks and good luck to all of us
I have to be able to because I want to, I can also be like the others and there is still a lot of other interesting information when I get the role
I really like how transparent the Optimum team is with the community updates
50 messages i mean My points aint adding up idk why
But to be honest, that's how it is
haha many people have to be active every day because of the campaign
I hope someone posts that he/she has earned 1000 points playing coin flip so that evryone rushes to use all their points
so there is no limit on chatting per day?
Ok buddy Try to keep a meaningful conversation then
lolll funny ok mate i will not going anywhere
more than 50 from coin-flip?
Not sure I could reach 1k pts w/o
Lol U sounded like one who wanna go to bed!
What do you love most about Optimum solutions and technologies?
I aint got no points for messaging here Sent more than 50
loll same here mate
Please check again. I still add normally, my friend.
i think i also sent 20+ massages but still not add
at most, you can go to the bathroom and then very quickly.
so we get 10 point per day? wow how we will get 1000?
Vote 24 hrs for 10pts Claim daily 5pts Reply a msg here once 5pts Complete 20 msg with 15 characters 10pts Flip coin 10x per day Win or lose on you bro
Optimum DeRAM is the decentralized memory layer that gives blockchains something they have always lacked which are fast, scalable, and real time memory.
am fine mate thanks for asking hbu.??
Same I even voted too
yoo you are crazy, casino its bad
Wow that sounds cool, I think it'll work out.
Why my points not added even I sent out more than 20 messages
Hlcan i cheak how much bet i oalyed today
Bro my biggest bet is 10 pts
haha lol ok i will not
gmum hosn , have a nice day
Why am I a bot? Because I can't understand the task? I'm not a native English speaker, it can be difficult for me.
you can type the command /profile
Don't disappear, you need to be here right now.
Just wanna confirm  Because you keep asking question that has one answer
how are you
I love RLNC and Optimum DeRAM.
Man. I feel like it's so so risky and it's a set up. Any tip to be on winning side?
What do you think about Optimum DeRAM?
|| Dont || Reply this if you're not a bot
Are you sending me off to bed?
bro this color of server booster looks really nice
How do we know how many points we have accumulated to not lose this OG role
follow and catch him fen
Yes, that's right, by the way, you and I have similar nicknames
Optimum has great technologies, that's why the project got high profile backers. ️
Absolutely sir, I've implemented these active chats and calls as part of my Optimum Rewards engagement. Sharing insights, asking questions, and spreading the word about RLNC and Web3 has been incredibly rewarding.
Are u a bot ?
com on really thanks mate
Took you long enough dude
Everything Optimum is doing is so worth our attention and action.
Do u think this is high time, team should introduce some quests on X or maybe on galxe too so that we can levl up
Of course.  OptimumP2P makes blockchains run smoother and faster.
Oh, really? Thank's a lot, homie. U hepled me
I've been waiting for you.
Goddess doesn't need internet
I think you can calculate this yourself or it will be calculated in your own reward.
Yeah. It has strong financial backers
Tell me if I understood everything correctly, do I need to put 1 reaction or give 1 answer? So that 5 points are counted?
I really like the website and blog from Optimum
huh am back again
Be active and consistent and everything will work out.
It should come faster, I'm earning points at a snail pace. I need more points to rank up as fast as possible.
my pleasure friend
Optimum ia gonna do well for all chains. ️
OptimumP2P provides several configurable parameters to tune performance for different network conditions and requirements
Why are u bothered ,u should go sleeping bro
use You can see the points here
I am trying sir and sir how i cheak how much bet i played todya
this is global area i think many countries
only 10 points per day from messages
Optimum pushing active community now 
Did you gamble on flip coin also?
yes sir thank you for the prayer
Not yet, we do what we have and wait for the launch with Twitter activity, there will be more opportunities there.
Optimum uses PK formula.
community call and tweet engergaly coming soon
For such a late hour such an active chat
how do i check my point actually ??
Go to and type /profile
I can't see you! As moon goddess, I don't go beyond my space. Presently I'm using Russia satellite installed in the more, that's what provide me the internet network.
Optimum is gonna do so well for those that'll be eligible
go there just type /profile
I hope you can get it.
yes i believe you can do it
do we have some new tasks to overcome the threshold
Optimum DeRAM is the decentralized memory layer.
How do I know how many points I have?
I finally understood, I got 10 points for the messages, I'm starting to figure it out Thanks for helping many!
I guess there's no limit Yesterday I earned >100 pts Today I did it again
haha try to keep og my friend
I think we can do it
We have to do this.
Yeah, the process transforms a single large message into a set of smaller, mathematically-related pieces.
I put it off then, so I was late
discuss if anyone mentions you
i'm just getting to understand this thing
Have to reach 1000 points
Wow. How? Please what's the max point I can make per day
Okay i am waiting for my reward lets cheak how i get
and how much xp can you earn in a day?
You are still very early, you can still meet up with the 1000 point target because I believe more task are still on the way where community will earn more points.
enjoy the atmosphere. will be joining soon buddy hehe
Lol I hope it's gonna be longer than an hour...but u know claiming og role could be lilly difficult
I'm from Nepal
It's enough to just read the documents and the blog about Optimum and we'll all have something to talk about!
Stay away from flip coin It's a set up
Okay boss ill stay tuned
Don't miss any days, we'll still have time
Why don't you have one?
Exactly! And RLNC makes data transmission faster, more reliable, and more efficient by coding information in a way that every packet becomes useful.
Yh I gambled it
Just turn left my friend I'm from mars, I can see you can you seee me ?
there will be other opportunities to gain OG status in the future, stay tuned bud
good night fen , dream dream good haha
peace out yall ima go smoke some more crack ye
yes sir i hope too, because this campaign so important to keep role OG
You are right in your assertion.
Front coin flip? Or what?
RLNC is the core technology that provides OptimumP2P its performance advantages.
You get 5 points for first your reply to someone's message
25 points secured today A shame I forgot bout the campaign since the start
keep an eye on it everyday buddy maybe the reward bot will be sent to you soon
I agree the project looks promising
good night everyone
RLNC makes data faster.
oooo fine mate thanks for info  maybe my friends can also join
Maybe it's for oges, you don't have it.
Optimum is a decentralized network of flexnodes that can be run by anyone and permissionlessly connect to any blockchain.
Man I’ve lost lost many points
When did you start engaging on Discord for the point
U said - "and finally you get 5 points more for first reply". Reply to what?
Consistency will be key tho Don't wanna lose this fr
Have a nice evening everyone
I don't know how much i have points first
I hope everyone who communicates here will be able to keep the role.
Don't go now, let's talk more. You can go in the next one hour. I want to keep engaging you here.
i honestly dont know how much og will be left after the event, but i think those who will be active will definitely get og, for example - (sorry for tag broski
I've already earned 185 pts, so sure it's possible bro
What's the the max point on can get per day
Just keep saying good about Optimum.
yes bro , depends on luck
I don't understand... Can you give an example of a 15 character SMS about Optimum.
You should try to find out bro  That's part of the network
Hey there! How's your day going so far?
Dayuuummm i cant be og here No mO ?
To get 1k point before deadline will be hard
good night mate
come here type command /profile
I am from Ukraine, and you?
good night broski, sweet dreams!
what are the coin flip odds? 50/50?
good night buddy take your rest
I'm from the moon , people called me the moon goddess! What about you, do you care to tell me where you are chatting from?
it's all good, glad to help
Bro I am very excited because I don't fully understand what and how it works here. I really want to participate and not miss anything
I also heard bout it from a friend lol Glad I did
Wrong. Each 15 characters message that says good about optimum is counted. But no matter how lengthy the message is, if it's not about Optimum, it's in vain.
Og claiming ended 4 months ago ,now need points to secure the og role
nah but yall believe me right that im a big deal in zees streets yea?
How i cheak my today 20 msg points done or not
What is the new chat? He wants to take back the OG rolls from you and me. This is not right. You shouldn't have given them in the first place.
so who are late they can not get OG now.?? like by any quest or task
mud container . there will be tasks for everyone soon
good night great fam
so early :DDD you are welcome
OptimumP2P is a novel gossip algorithm that uses Random Linear Network Coding (RLNC to enhance message dissemination in peer-to-peer networks.
good take tbh
Yeah,I know And many are not aware of this new campaign
I've figured it out Thanks my man
Messages with less than 15 symbols don't count
damn everyone OG here
read it clearly in the notice. don't try to ask continuously bro
dont play with bot
Where are you from?
yes, this event only for og
I have read the technical documentation. This is a good infrastructure project.
Optimum turns sluggish, redundant networks into fast, efficient, scalable systems. This is what blockchain latency is all about.
Probably it's cos you are not og
it's fake cause now I'm sitting on 175 pts
As I understand it, short messages don't count? Did I understand correctly?
but now campaign to filter OG . join it
its only for OGs i guess
lucky man congrats
how many beers have you had today?
Thank you, friend. Thank you.
We got og cos we joined early
Lolz.... Do I got the spelling correctly? Don't you like politics? I thought everyone love politics
how mate its true.??
sorry, just won +25 in hahah
Go to write /profile
congratulations my friend, keep it up
the blm guy og guy fr respcet
Go to and type /profile there
holla dash , how are you?
is it true bro? the number is too big
RLNC is also used boosts throughput.
Don't apologize, we're in an elimination fight here
I don't gamble bro I don't like it I don't know why
What do you mean by first reply?
ur talkn bout the crip dude right but he in politics man im so lost
150 pts earned
I don't bro. I'm afraid of losing points haha
Welcome my friend
yes, for now in standby mode I think soon
That's true. I've forgotten
Don't you gamble, my friend?
can't attach screenshots here, but I voted about an hour ago, there were two links as usual
The mod only come online in the night! Is optimum mod doing night guard, I want to join him?
I know nothing about him, sorry
I saw only one here tho Idk what's happening also
got 40 points my friend
Point ? what point how do i check how do i get to 1k my guy
Just wanted to try it once, not my thing too
we will wait, hopefully it will be available soon
Okee. Thank you my friends
Exactly. RLNC removes bottlenecks.
How many points do you have today?
who this guy?
Tell me, do I need to vote on 2 sites? I have 2 sites in the voting. Or am I doing something wrong?
I'm waiting for this too
Holla everyone my mate
Can you send a screenshot? I only saw one link to vote
comeback and keep your role
Go to read the information
Sure thing man I think if you get 1k point the role will be given to you
lol i ddont know how many msgs i have left to send to get 10 more points
yeah, but a little later  stay tuned broski
there was galxe quest for OG role on this server and you actually have it
How? Tell me how to do it?
And what is first reply?
follow chanel and wait for team to post
ye, i think about this
I only saw one link tho
Thanks for the support, ahaha
How is Ngwagwa?
When there will be tasks on Twitter?
I think it's not unreasonable, my friend.
I think more task will be rolled out later
My day went well. I worked a lot offline.
get yo money up not yo funny up im gonna be og here i dont know how im gonna become og here but will see i guess yeah man right man
Optimum is Powered by Random Linear Network Coding (RLNC — a proven, MIT-developed data encoding technique. This is how the tech is powered.
Be active, do daily claim vote
can earn 30-40 points 1 day sir
when you enter /vote command there will be two links to two websites below, so you follow these two links and vote
It's pure nonsense lol
There's galxe quest for optimum?
Do you think I'll be able to accumulate 1000 points?
you are so cool but i think that is nonsense
Can someone tell me how to get the maximum points per day?
was is no longer there and I don't know how to get it back
you are such a nice person man
10 for daily check every 12 hours
Total nearly 200k users claim OG. Currently can be detained and filtered after campaign
why i cant be a og i am already a STREET OG like what ur onto my guy
My day was great, hanged out with friends in a bar How about your day?
a lot, about 100 k, you can check the amount of quest paricipants on OG galxe quest
Happy to help mate!
don’t even think about it. Racial slurs - Instant action
Do you mean to say ,how many og roles?
Same here I need to work hard too
now i get it thanks for the help mate
bro, im not really sure why you are even posting about this
come on, it's not difficult, just a little more effort
Voting on two sites? How's that? I know only /vote command in points-check
Oh really. I don't want to risk my points there. Too risky
get to the point bossmane u alr know ima bossman i own construction companies deep in zimbabwe
You can not join OG campaign
I'm staying away lol Betting has never been my strong suit
How are you, friend? How is your day?
oookok mate thanks for the info
Are you from zim? If yes, this will be the first time I'm seeing someone from zim in web3.
How many roles does OG have in total? Does anyone know? A lot or a little?
everything is fine. working hard bro
and then what my homie i dont understand
Of course. Anyone can run Optimum node with very low latency.
I wagerd today and lost, it hurts
Oh my friend, not yet But I'm trying
you are trying to spam but you are not eligible to join the campaign
Thanks, I think so too
nope its say you hit the limit something like that
because it's kind of gambling, no guarantee you'll earn them
I wish i could be high as you're rn
I would say you are lucky man if you had something like that
You can wager at most 100 points daily...
i mean no harm my guy im watching the chat nobody typing the n word i rspect tht
How was your day buddy
What, have you already completed your tasks for today?
ooo fine mate but i dont guess i hit 100
I think it's unlimited. But it has a cooldown
That's multi-purpose Blockchain innovation! Node flex tech is also part of optimum tech. Anyone can run node and any blockchain can use optimum node.
and type /vote
I like RLNC and DeRAM more.
the points for messages are counted automatically by Engagerly bot
If you don't understand, I don't understand either. Try it and click togg and discordlistbot
this bro wants to know the rules of the chat
Oh well, what kinda branch you prefer from all of this?
what do you mean sir?
strange, I had a channel called my username and all the points were there
what is the limit of per day.?
yeah man i claimed 450 thousand billion chocolat coins now im a shekel billionaire living in zimbabwe
Thanks for reminding me. I did it earlier.
okay, let me explain it better then
Yes. And Optimum having RLNC, OptimumP2P and DeRAM makes Optimum game changer.
I don't understand bro
Are points for messages counted automatically?
certainly it's true, no doubt about it, thanks for info
Tomorrow you'll get 10 and next day 5 and no more points, thanks for playing
I have never gotten messages about chat point tho
Guys is it forbiden to type racial slurs here in this chat / server
come here and claim daily reward bro
hahah that makes sense no need high iq
I just voted for engagely. Do the same if you need more point
Optimum powers DeFi, gaming, AI, and social dApps with scalable, congestion free memory and communication. So it helps the whole blockchain.
Yes it’s a true and check it here 
Are you aware that Optimum Optimum is the world’s first decentralized, high-performance memory infrastructure for any blockchain, designed to scale data access, reduce network strain, and power the next generation of dApps?
yes. if you vote often, you will get a lot of points
I don't understand why I only got 15 points today. Even though I've already completed everything.
realest my guy realest homie they call me the realest
Can't understand but love it
you can vote two times per day on two websites, so it's 20 points for voting, 10 points are accumulated by reaching 20 messages, you get 5 more points for check in and finally you get 5 points more for first reply
Let me tell you something and I'll listen
come here and do the command /vote
you are bot?
yes, 2 times per 12 hours = 20 points per day
yeah, u can vote every 12h on 2 sites for 20points per day
Yes, it was atmospheric and delicious
man this server man i love the i do it for the love of the game man ima be here allll day all night ye yeuheurme
Your welcome buddy
come here and collect points /vote
I used to have a channel where I received notifications about receiving points, now it's gone, it's terribly inconvenient, but it's like they've already charged for the message, because I have 90 points
20 from chat per day max - yes
where we can vote mate.??
and have a nice and lucky day to you too
i dont think he really knows. look at the
Soo, what that means for crypto? How it helps there?
Vote is every 12 hours right?
just head to and type /vote
okay, I understand that task
Thank you very much sir. I will continue to work. Let it be with us, sir.
Check to know how points can be earned
I heard about the news. Can you tell me how to get the maximum? 20 points?
You need 20 messages with 15 characters
20 msg for 10 points
How to vote? Where and how
Gonna make this things properly:
Normal my side bro. Let's talk about Optimum technologies.
if you know how much you had, you can go to the "point check" command channel and type the 'profile' command there via /
wow per day you can get 30 points right
5 for daily, 10 for 2 votes, 10 for chatting. Where to get 15 more?
How many answers do you need to give per day to get 5 points?
I'm resting here
but somehow it's loaded. everything is some kind of business. and you?
supp fam , have a great day
Good evening guys
Witch task not notify you Nate
use this command "/profile", here
ive been following u in twitter sir, can u follback??
Optimum is a decentralized high-performance memory layer for blockchains.
Once you hit 20 messages
but due to conflicts indian tv channels are ban like india ban some actors from india
It's actually possible without tweet engagements
yo fam how are oyu ?
You're wrong bro without tweeter interaction no one can earn 40 point per day
Where did you get it from, bro?
How i cheak i get 10 points for massages
Oh yes really only 18 August starts
Especially the discordbotbit, it could be very challenging for your vote to be counted, you have to try several times.
Did you come here to make fun of people or to complete a task?
Also nice, hope you enjoyed there
The bot didn't notify me of my rewards yet tho
Maximum you can earn 30 point per day
Without twitte engagement?
haha yeah its nice
ah this so good information bro, i think max pointd per day in 20 pointd
Yes, I know. I have to do that task.
Keep up great work, good luck with voting!
I'm saying that I can't figure out how to see if it gave me points for messages or not. I can't figure it out.
Yes really good to know it's very good
good evening fam how are u here
Wow, the bar is cool, I can relax like that with friends But today I was relaxing with my family, it was my uncle's birthday
The vote was very easy and straightforward tho
oh, good to know I'll give it a try then
can be up to 40 points a day
Depends on ama's and twitter engaging
Probably the bot was down when you were doing the voting, refresh the tab and try again. It happened to me as well.
Optimum emoji, that's nice mate
Thank you very much sir. I will ask if it happens again tomorrow
I had the same situation on the first day of campaign, so you're not the one
Evening buddy. How was your day?
how much max point per day bro?
Could you briefly write what is optimum in general?
Points farming main task
good evening sir , all fine bro
Just chat here what about you mate
woahh from telegarm, nice mate
ooo fine  i forget bcz we use to watch the indian tv channels
Good evening, friends. How are you doing here?
Thank you my friend. I found it.
if you work hard i think this is not difficult
no problem, if you have any problems with voting, feel free to ask
yeah, it's simple task to get pointd bro
Optimum comes with many solutions to blockchain.
there is a tab under where u can check all point logs
from tG sir
what do you mean sir its optimum emoji
I wasn't aware that I can vote on 2 website yesterday, I only voted on one. I wasted 10 points
You need to send 20 messages and over 15 characters here
Is it really possible to get 1000 points in 25 days? I see it looks hard
Its not behind India is ahead 30 min hehe
bro what do you mean an SMS?
I think it’s happening now sir. Thank you too
Good evening My voting on the top.gg website has not been counted 2 times in one day. What could be the problem?
U mean about 1000 points to OG?
Yea it’s a bit hard but achievable tho
ah, so far bro . stil here the chating
only in this server people are active
I do not understand your text clearly
Oh nice emoji mate, what it's called ?
Ohh sorry for that bro
Tell me how to understand that I have already received points for SMS? I can't understand.
The campaign only started on August 18.
That's good let's good good luck
im always good mate, howbu??
i thought india 30 mints behind from us idk but thanks for info
So who has played the coin-flip today? I had people were losing there point. What the probability of winning if I played?
Have to be hard -working.
If you want to earn 5 more points, you should vote on another website, everything worked out for me on two of them
It's to hard for me keep maintaining
Oh that’s nice, how do you usually rest? I also rested with friends in bar
Nope. Just speak anything good you know about Optimum. If you prepare, start with me.
4 month here and 10 points
it's not, but it would be a long run
Gmum Shariar... It has been a while... Hasn't it?
How are you doing today mate, are you having a good time today
hothing hard, still here the chat
Then congratulations of God with you no one touch you bro
Ok, so where is those Twitter quest they said
OK my friend I will look again
good to hear that mate
Yes I was late
It's 2:30 here
Yes, very important for progress. Yes, very important for progress. Yes, very important for progress
Guys is it to hard to get 1000 point?
It was started on Monday bro, and today is Wednesday. So your calculation is wrong.
yes sir i hope, do you know this project from who??
I'm also very fine mate, happy to hear this
no bro . the given quest does not have this quest
flazz in heree, wlcone sir
Bro, how are you, how was your day? Can't tell, the channel where my points were accrued disappeared, it's terribly inconvenient without it
My day went great, I was resting And how was your day?
I entered the Vote section, sir. I used a vote, I got 5 points. But do I need to use another one? I couldn’t do that.
True true, just hang out with chat and u will be there
Should I go inside the site to vote?
Yeaah we need to wait until it's come
Yes, those are the issues! It longer time to load and voting doesn't count, I need to refresh the tab several times.
it's role for boosting the server
Okay I will do it thx ️
Just maybe I am God's favourite  But come on , people have much more than that
Do it again may be you get point
why so little . you can get it with 10 points
who got the red color
I also think that everyone who makes an effort will cope
Guys, is making content and sending it, have points?
its super good mate hbu>??
yoi can vote in the profile bro, use command /profile
Oh you luv coffee too, tell me what coffee you luv
no, not yet, we should expect new posts from the project on Twitter
please go to channel and do the command /vote
That’s exactly how it looks like tho
lol I have only 10 points
there are no posts to engage with, check announcements to keep being updated
Yes, I got them, sir.
Yes buddy it's what about you
You don't even need to keep count of messages it comes naturally
So much that I almost give up on the voting if not that the voting was important for the point, I would not have push further
Where can I vote?
Hopefully there will be another chance to get OG in the future
What do you mean? I didn't understand you
yeah its 1.59 here and i guess 1.30 there.??
This helps you stay alert and work well.
Anybody who keeps doing will handle
wlcome mod, keep here and me
How is it over there mate huh
My saliva started coming out...
Yes my friend. I guess I couldn’t do that part. I just got 5 points.
How you got that's amount bro if we get only 30 point maximum per day then as my calculation you can earn only 60 points
sir u can check in channel bot-hunt pwease
sounds like a lovely combination
Where reid posts in engage!
I don't think so ... I am certain you have better count
Yo bro, you are here too, gmum
That's great there also deep night
I'm also waiting for new posts
How should I vote?
but it is a race . for you to keep the role
yea bro, midnight vibes with a cup of coffee started happening here haha
How are you doing today mate
Oh... You didn't have the OG role? I guess you were late to join the discord? But you can't participate in this campaign
What's the vote stuff about
Yo chat I’m back to got my 20 messages, how was your day?
It's a bit difficult at first, but I think I can handle it
One of me didn’t give points. One of them gave 5 points, sir.
Wow this is huge!
am from pakistan mate
I don't know bro, let's wait for new posts and then the first interaction will appear
That's right, the main thing is not to miss it.
I had everything fine, but it took a long time to load
me, did u experienced troubles with ad block?
Yes I chat regularly here what about you
Just same person, same chats, same topic lmao
everything worked fine for me on both websites
Read the OG filtering campaign article.
Did you find any tweeter interaction task yet ?
yes sir it's true i was late to get the role
I have just 70... I am not exactly proud ha ha ha .... But, all came from genuine texts
Twitter interactions begins when?
We can flip and wins points?
nope am asking you chat here regular or not.??
I'm from India what about you
To vote on discordbotbit if very tedious, I have been trying countless time before I finally succeeded. Who is experiencing the same?
Today I earned the most points and flipped coins haha
When did you check it?
25 days is enough, and we will also have Twitter interactions and AMA sessions, so even faster
Am not the only one mate It’s booster role
I need to know I am alone or anyone else grinding at mid night
nice to meet you too mate
I've gotta include this in my routine now tho How's everyone doing
haha so where are you from??
how could you miss that mate
Welcome back! What's new with you?
I got time in night so I'm here this time
I am back to defence Og!
Holding?  A perfect example of engagement mania
you're right, it's not ready yet, but check announcements for new updates
everything, the main thing is not to miss days and do everything according to the instructions
soon , follow my channel.
i like you tweet for optimum in x bro
ahh i see sir
you chat here daily or not.??
vote for engagerly , you can check and type/vote
Why is only you having red colour, what role is that? Or you are a new member who just joined today?
that's a very specific question
It's mid night I will sleep after chat complete
Any timelines for twitter tasks to be launched?
How many guy's from India. And grinding at 2.26am
nice to meet you mate
Optimum is of course transparent.
Daily claim ,vote and chatting
yooo, bro, such a question, the channel where you could track the asset (points accrual disappeared
I forgot bout the point stuff Aghhh
I don't think the tweet engagement is ready
come here and vote for your country flag
Ofc you don't
yes sir, but I'm not an OG role so I can't join the campaign
you have any plans for today.??
is tranparaci bro, keep hodling this project
Yes let's do it now let's make it happen
yeah, got you, thanks
Cool story bro Right on Got it Keep it coming Not my vibe
There won't be any notification, it's you that you will check your point from the profile to see if any point have been added
i don't understand what you mean
I should check and get back to you
Haha  Thanks man
there is two websites you can vote on actually
LFG we will work hard together
Optimum healing the Ethereum latency problems is enough to preach the project.
have you tried it??
Why are some account names white and some are orange?
Yes keep it up bro let's work hard
new day don't forget your cup of coffee my friend
being active and cheerful is always nice
im always good mate
there will only be a general branch, will there be regional branches?
just chat here , voting , play coinflip
If you complete, there will be a reward notification. If not, you can check. /profile
ok mate i will
Thanks bro enjoy your day with us
As far as I know, there's only one, just the engargely bot
I think I will do similar. But how many points you got from now?
the fact bro, optimum id project best
you are welcome, keep up good work
What task available from now?
hey what's up buddy
No no bro Am not angry for real
It's power booster you can get it by boost
yes or it will be removed from you
nice to hear that
Two things are coming in the vote. Will I vote for both?
this depends on your luck
This is a special role of the booster server
Optimum is strong with strong community. We will do something beyond voting to help the project progress.
yes sir, this is so hard hahah
ok thanks for info mate
When is the deadline please
Yes, we still have time and that's great.
how do you know that you've completed the task for 20+ messages a day? will there be a notification?
Where do you know this?
If you did the check in, you can earn points for messages as well
haven't tried it yet mate
For now yeah , don't know about future use
deer points you accumulate 1000 points and will hold the role of OG
I don't stay straight... But I have scheduling. . I check here sometimes in the morning and afternoon...
red is kinda bold choice
. Thanks, I realized this could be a good project.
wow your colour name is red bro hahah
Just to keep OG ?
I understand my friend. I will look again
What type of vote is it Coin flip?
Yes I'm trying to get more points hopefully we will
I think this can be done by anyone who is willing to put in the effort
to keep your OG role sir
Bro I don’t know  I have been getting these message a lot
Did you calculate how many days we need to active ?
no, for 20 messages you get 10 points for day and it's capped
To keep your og role safuu
How is it going with everyone
Are there really 2? Isn't there just 1?
do it now and get points today
How many hours you spend here a day now?
Let me check again, my friend. Thank you. Are the channels that come when you type vote?
What's the use of the points guys?
yeah need 1000 point to keep your og role
2 votes every 12 hours, that is 4 votes per day
Witch part you are not understanding
come on here /vote brother
What's up guy's still grinding?
There is enough time before the deadline, so if we are active enough, we can easily get 1000 points and maintain OG status
so the coin points will count in 20 or that one is different.??
Cool bro you have right to active in community and contribute with your information but I asked as normally don't get angry man
God I’m tired typing just to make 20 counts
do it in with /vote
I don’t understand exactly this part I’m my friend
let's flip fun game broo hahah, mamybe you luck today
by chance no one knows when the update happens, like everywhere else, GMT+0
you can get points here with 20 questions on 15 characters and check in , vote /vote
People are somehow...‍️ What was the benefit of asking you that question? ‍️
Yes I will follow guide I will do all task
Honestly, I think genuinity is the biggest asset... I don't stress either, I just do my best attending to relevant questions and Lockup
yep, let's try to do both
Depends on activity for which you got your points
can we do both?
Where can I vote I wanna vote
But I got 5 points my friend. Can I cast 1 or 4 votes in 12 hours? Or will I vote other than a different place?
per day how much you get ?
it, but please tell me, the channel where I could track the points accrual disappeared, how can I restore it
welcome back oPTIMUM FEN
2 website for voting vote second website
yeah maybe we can vote project optimum sir
You will get do all task I am doing
I completely agree with you
good luck friend. follow this guy's instructions
I got 5 points now. Will I get the remaining score from the same place, my friend? Or from somewhere else?
Got it dude, thanks for sharing! While waiting, I’ll keep following Optimum updates since this project keeps proving it’s the future of decentralized memory.
You can vote once every 12 hours and get 20 points.
Yes I will not miss every day
No, I haven't, because there's no tweets to engage
Struggling for what ? Me not having OG role doesn’t mean I shouldn’t be active
Yeah, it was a good and productive day overall
I am good, man. I am becoming available only at this time everyday. Hope I'm gonna make it.
20 per day if u dont miss it
you can get 20 points per day
have you tried doing this yet? did it give you points?
I think this is a good option to raise the asset on the server and clean up farms, or just inactive people who got OG for early access and thereby give some meaning to this role
You don't have og role then why you struggle at mid night bro ?
How many points can we get in total per day in the vote, friends?
I agree with you, it is possible
Where are you from, brother?
haha yes thank you so much
Engage like a real human... I feel like this is even a harder task than that
I'll just make a few more text messages and then I'll go and rest
that's a good concise explanation
every interaction with tweet I guess
RLNC is what makes data transmission faster, more reliable, and more efficient by coding information in a way that every packet becomes useful.
But as of now I don't see any twitter engage post so how can we earn through tweet ?
What can you say about the update here and about the tasks with coins??
you are right, 35 and + 5 for daily check in, everything is correct
Optimum is a blockchai infrastructure project that acts as a decentralized memory layer for other blockchains
I think it's not little, my friend. Work hard every day and you will have enough.
I think only what is in the Engage branch will be counted
aight i appreciate it that man thanks for explaining to me thanks brother
Good call, take your rest and recharge for tomorrow
btw thanks for the help
Oh my guy, you are around? How are you doing today, mate?
Optimum + RLNC isn’t just another tweak, it’s a breakthrough that crushes bottlenecks, cuts latency, and keeps the network strong even as it grows, making Web3 feel like true next-gen infrastructure.
And with tweet engage tasks too mate
yes, you're right, not even 35, but 40 points, because I really completely forgot about the check etc especially more than 25, haha
keep it up .don't miss this campaign
But I got yesterday 20 points 5 point for daily checking and 15 points for chatting and yesterday I see many people got that amount of point like 15 ,18 or 20
Good day, sir!
even less than I thought, thanks
Was your day useful and joyful?
What does that mean
you are quite like me. but i got 40 points
bro, u missed check-in so it's 40
That's great, I'm sure they'll be happy to help you with this
ooo dont worry i already check it
Yeah that me makes a lot of sense
what do yo mean sir?
What field is optimum in? What kind of project is it?
hmm, that's interesting, okay, I'll try it
Do you know that RLNC is one of the greatest development of optimum?
I will do the same
fine brother.I'm doing my work at home right now, what are you doing?
Remember to remove the "". I almost forgot about that
What about voting How can one vote?
Just today, I have earned 25 points... voting, daily log in and chat reward. But I think more points are given for longer streak
Today was an interesting day, I want to rest
depends on how hard you work . ended 15/9
Yeah that’s true, staying consistent can really stack up points fast if you do all the tasks actively
that's quite frustrating, I understand
How are you doing today mate
I came to chat in the community
I've been active here for a few days now. I've even sent more than 20 messages a day, but I haven't gotten more than a 10 rating.
35 points maximum per day, 10 for 20 meaningful messages, 5 for replay, 10 for two votes and another 10 for 2 votes 12 hours after the first, totaling 35 points in 24 hours
yeah i seen it
cool country ! im from indonesia mate
I see. You are so helpful
You can check by typing the "/profile" command on channel
I don't spam, I just give information to new friends, I don't think I'll comment any further on this subject.
I think 30 days without missing any day
No, I don't think you can ... That was my calculation too .... But, apparently, it doesn't quite work the way I thought
aight thanks man don't worry bout that
good night to you all fam, have a good luck if you play flip game, see you all
everything that you wrote, only 2 votes and once every 12 hours, that is 4 votes per day
answer is just above your message
What country are you from? I am from Vietnam.
yeah , where are you from budy?
how much time is there to gain 1k points
Bro, you're here too, ahha, how are you?
To get that number you need coin-flip
It has been just two days.. Hasn't it?
Congratulations bro I think you're on the top because no one reach at 70
## can someone tell me how can i check my points.??
yeah, try /profile in
Also, to be honest, I'm a little tired, but there are still things that need to be done and only then can I rest, and what are you planning to do?
yes i know that mate , i just can’t wait to chat with people from my country lol
sorry, no idea bro
How are you? What are you doing?
This is cool, right now it's the most important thing we have
i dont know is it true or false, but i think we can gain more points from flip game
Thanks bro and good luck to you
How much points you can get per day is still a myth
I see that there's a point system now Is there a way one can check his points
how are you guyss
See official we got 10 points for 20 msgs but I see many people got 15 points or 20 points for 20 msgs so I think it's random way to give points
I am waiting for my area channel
yeah brother, btw u know the max points can we got per day?
u can earn even more with voting every 12h
impressive number. do you vote?
How is it, my friend? Can you explain? Is there another activity that I don't know about?
because they asked not to spam, they clearly wrote about it in the announcement and because, similar messages are considered spam and sent to the channel with reports, so I advise you not to abuse such things
Good evening brother
My day was spent with my family, everything is fine And how was your day?
Oh that's nice
Okay, I have 70 points now.
me too it'll be fun
And coin flip? 50%, but I’d like to protect mine
have you had dinner yet ?
same here cant wait for that fr
channel will be launched soon
That's cool, but do you know how much you can score in this game?
So I’m suppose to be counting each message??
Exactly. Optimum using codes shards to rebuild entire messages is also great technology.
So you ask and I'll answer, why are you making this a problem?
Good evening, how was your day?
still waiting regional chat open
have a good luck bro
Dear Habib, do you know how to get 30 points? I asked everyone, but they didn't answer.
May be yes or no but let's see
as I understand it, if you vote without skipping, you can have 35 points
come here /vote my friend
more than 20. 2 votes every 12 hours is already 20 points, 20 meaningful messages is another 10, and also 5 for interaction (replay
Good evening community
Thanks bro, I'll be playing more tomorrow
i only know that voting getting 5 points to you
no one knows rn, check every day for it
Oh yeah comunity call!
wow congratulations. i won 10 points yesterday
How can I be earning 40 daily?
I read about it too. I asked them. But they didn't answer. If you figure out how to get 30 points, tell me too.
congrats bro, keep try your chance
What are the voting procedures?
well you can vote every 12 hours, if you do that you can actually get 35 points if I'm not mistaken
when will AMA be known?
yeah, it will generously increase our points for sure
How you earn 20 points?
do the steps and wait for community call and tweet fen
this time I was lucky and won 6 points
Only 30 point yesterday 20 point and today 10 point as of now
Does messages about team tweets or campaigns like OG reawakening campaign going on right now counts for points?
Waiting for ama call and engage task
no problem, glad I could help
already done, thanks, what's more
why just publish information if no one asked for it? it could be considered spam, and that's a ban
Yeah rugby is pretty cool. Optimum using it against byzantine really shows how serious they are about security and reliability
that detail bro. thanks for reminding
I think 30 point per days we got maximum
Claim daily point& Just keep chatting in general& engaging tweet(not available now& vote: now we can do? Anything else? Could you tell me plz
Some people write that you can get 30 points per day, is this true?
How many points do you have now?
I did, thank you, what else?
Hmmm that's okay
Daily check in and voted you can do it
Yes buddy I'm very bullish what about you
Do your job you get random amount of point but maximum 30 points per days
u can /vote in for additional points
Send 20 messages here per day 10 points. Vote 2 times a day. Every 12 hours. 10 points. Do a daily task. 5 points. Total 25 points in a day.
you can gain playing flip game more points but it have risks
that's a lot brother, congrats for that
how is that possible
yoooo, how was your day, tell me
Do you know that Rugby is a protocol that Optimum use to fight against Byzantine?
You bullish man
10 pts→ every 20 solid msgs (15+ chars 10 pts→ joining weekly calls & staing till the end up to 20 pts→ engaging with selested tweets 5 pts→ daily check in
Daily check in and voted you can do it
min 2 points bet, you can play 10 times per a day and if you gain you get x3 points you betting
this is only 15 points, where can I get another 15?
You need to vote to get more points
Send 20 messages here per day 10 points. Vote 2 times a day. Every 12 hours. 10 points. Do a daily task. 5 points. Total 25 points in a day.
But where is twitter engage task bro ?
good night guys everyone
that's good enough fam, let's grap more points then
Optimum is a decentralized blockchain that comes to solve the blockchain missing layer which is memory.
Ways to earn points
daily check in, and 20 messages gain 10 points, but dont spam
What do you need to do, apart from communication, what would you do to collect points?
That's hard for me also  but I think big reward we get for this
Minimum is what to put in and if I win times what will I get?
i'm good with 15 currently
nope, it's the sum for 2 days
I will end up total points 50 so far overall
Yes bro Some people have it working well, and others have faced issues.
for now, only 10, how bout you brother?
What do you want to ask here?
For what actions can I get 30 points?
Yeah brother, that’s nice!
How many points now man?
i gain 67 points but i played flip game few times and gained 3x points
that's good enough let's farming more points then
Anyone get answer?
If you are diligent you can accumulate up to 40 per day not counting community calls and tweets engergaly
Yes if we do it continues it possible we may get
Hey King. What's the deal with this vote? They say you have to do it twice a day, but I haven't seen anything about it in the announcements.
What do you know about Optimum?
yeah that's right, just wait for that
Enter directly from the ad posted by the bot — that’s how it worked successfully for me.
So how many points have you gotten today?
Nice I am on the way now I earn 30 point only
Did you earn 60 points in a day?
Optimum is a blockchain project that’s building a decentralized memory layer. The main goal is to make blockchain data accessible faster and more efficiently
What are the ways to earn points
I am from turkey brother
yes i m ready
Interaction with tweets has not been launched yet, am I right?
sure, it's not so hard i think
Yes we are here what about you mate
Optimum is a memory layer for all chains.
lol we need more points fam, that's the reason that's why we still here
too you bro, welcome
Don't forget guy's of you miss one day is okk but if you miss two days then you lose your role as my calculations
That's good point keep it up we can do it
how many points can be collected per day?
Are you talking about voting now?
Omo u guys still here
only 40, hbu?
okay, I understand, I won't
Good day Optimum believer.
Tell me, I didn't understand 1 point, where to interact with project tweets? And what should I do?
don't try to spam my friend
Well done. That was very interesting. I also found out that optimum is secure, has been verified by CertiK, and uses smart technology to keep data safe when shared across networks.
about 60 sir, doing my todays task rn
Please take a look, bro, there are rules
What's optimum really about
You mean 5 points for the first and 5 for the second?
Thanks buddy how much points you earn yet ?
I am from India and you from which country?
Okay let's try again and see what happens
I'm glad for that, my friend.
And when does the SMS counter reset? At what time and in what time zone?
How many points do you have today?
Yes it's true how many points you have so far
so you have just started, keep active to gain points
my pleasure fam, so how much points u got?
why? I checked the campaign again. I didn't see anything about this.
just 5 mate
Lest to push 1000 point matte
Where are you from boss
Per vote 5 points and we can do once in 12 hours in a day
One vote i think 5 points you can vote 2 times a day
I think we get 5 per vote
I understand you, thank you very much, I just started to figure everything out.
sure bro, we will help each other to build this communşty,
You must finish watching the ad — just try again or vote using the ad posted by the bot.
you will be given 10 point for 20 msg 15 character min
How much points we get per vote guy's? 5 or more ?
May be mode here they watch our talks ...
Lol that's a big question
Dear friend, you get points by voting. I think you should try any way you can get points.
No problem bro but don't spam
I understand you, thank you, I understand a little, I just don't understand why I was credited with points only for 1 vote, if I voted 2 times
New thing I learned optimum is not just infrastructure, it’s the memory backbone of future blockchains
I earned 40 points for today
Let's grid hard here we are good to go
there is no tweet for engage right now?
How does the system determine whether a message is spam or not?
Yes, I just tried and I have 0 points.
Where are you from brother?
got it, I understand your needs
You can earn maximum point per day 30
Use this command /vote
messages of at least 15 characters and not spam
my english is not good
We are active. We will reach our goal surely. Be active
fine brother, I couldn't be better
how to give vote I cant where is option in i go there but did not see
also you can use /profile command to see your points
The campaign doesn't mention anything about voting. I'm not going to continue with this anymore.
I earned 20 then lost 5 in fun flip
Exactly  bro But you must finish watching the ad, I think.
aaaa, so you need to write 20 sms and then they will give you how many points? How long should the sms be?
How many points do you earn today?
i'll keep an eye on it
keep work hard bro, we can get 1k points end of the campaign
Thank you for the information
I thinks you are copying and pasting from any source
I voted but didn't got points
Maximum 10 points a day with voting tasks ?
I'm fine today, trying to earn points for today
Points are awarded for 20 messages.
Look, go to the Checkpoint channel. Type the phrase /vote there. Two options will appear, choose the one with the phrase engagerly.
Yes it needed buddy we have a lot of bot here
i ahve 15 points
no i not spaming
Hope they disable it, it's not fun with this slow mode
Vote twice every 12 hours — go to... type Vote
Yap bro it's good one and team is trying to save it from bots.
This is always the case in all communities.
Doing good what about you brother
yeah it's really annoying dude
How many points can I get for messages? Why have I already written 5 SMS, but I was credited only once
Same here brother I hate this slow mode
Understand that a great community won't exist without love and a shared goal.
I am talking about the messages you send
Let's hope for best it's good project
yeah i do bro, and don't forget to claim daily here and cote here type /vote
yess keep it up .. how are you my friend
Until a few days ago, there was no one here. :
Welcome my friend. What new thing did you learn about optimum today? Share it with us. Let's interact.
Yes good vibes only everyone here so active
Real OGs will be those who keep the OG role
Does anyone knows if messaging about the campaign or team tweets count for the og campaign?
You can say that again. But I hate this slow mode
How does the system determine whether a message is spam or not?
Thanks my friend, how are you?
Come back to get lots of points today
what you say?
Howany points do you have bro
Of course my brother happy to talk with you
Real og is coming soon mate it's temporary role
Yes anyone who wants to see their points can use /profile command on points-check channel
Voting for Captcha bot? every 12 hours?
Yeah we have to work to keep it
how are you
anyone who wants to see their points can use /profile command on points-check channel
How is that? What do you mean?
Hey whats up ser
he is trying to spam rip rip
Honestly, the vibe here is so friendly, I’m enjoying it
Yes bro only ogs will now come that's good things
yoo sup guys im back
Close and to keep your role, you work for it
I'm listening, my friend
oG members, obviously
How to vote brother? How many votes a day ?
Yes it's closed but who have og role, need to protect it by point
Have you requested daily for this here ?
yes, from the daily limits, I checked it myself
Got you. Be in safe, sister, we need you here  did you born in Kiev?
I’ve been in other projects, but the update speed here is really something
I connected the discort on the Vote channel. But I couldn’t find the place to vote. How did you do this part?
20 non-spam messages
we are always available. how are you today?
Yes, once every 12 hours.
i voted, did the daily check in, and wrote more than 20 messages
But the og role is closed now
What do you think will happen to the token price after the main launch?
will someone talk to me?
10 points for every 20 substantial messages
he can't join the campaign bro
How many points can earn a day maximum?
Have you voted or not? here type /vote
I'm fine. What about you?
that's right, that's the limit now
Yes people coming more as day are passing
Chat and help each other using the Check in Daily service
Thanks for your help brother
I think 10 point as mention by team but some people got 20;point
Have you voted yet? here /vote sir
Through chatting, daily check-ins, and voting. Messages must contain more than 15 characters.
No problem,let me see what I can do though before I go to bed now
20 sms limit per day 10 points bro
Feels like the community is getting more active every day, love it
Someone said we have to vote twice a day!
means ? i have to do only 20 msg ?
u can check ur point here bro type /profile
from Kiev. Another alarm. It's been quiet for almost a month. I haven't been to your city.
5 points per 12 hrs?
How many points per 20 messages?
20 sms limit per day 10 points
check it out here buddy
i only got 16 points so far what am i missing
It's good day mate let's engage for more points
glad to hear that really
you can see your points using /profile command
10 points bro per 12 hours
You can get 5 points twice per day. Totally 10
You will earn a maximum of 20 points for voting.
U can check ur points here /profile
How to check points brother?
20 sms limit per day
Honestly, I still didn’t get one part of the doc, did you read it?
How is your day?
How many chat do I need before I can earn points though
True that! Community energy is what drives the project forward. I’m excited to see the next updates
Well, maybe here.
use the /vote command in the channel:
Be active and earned point let's collect point
Like me, if I work hard every day, I can keep my role.
chating points one time per day only?
How many points can I get from voting task
OG campaign. You need to HAVE an OG role to participate.
how to vote
How did you get it though
here bro type /profile
that was easy we can hit 1k points fast with the other tasks
Two votes 12 hours apart in one day. Daily task. And chatting here. A total of 25 points can be earned in one day.
I from Vinnytsia, and you?
today i earn 20 point vote
For sure, engagement never stops
don't they give you 20 for being present at the ama?
Everything is fine, now I came here to save my role
how all of you collect poits ?
I feel like the team is moving super fast, really cool
what do you mean? can you tell me this
I did daily check in and voted now chatting for ten more points
whats the vote command ? ho to find it?
cool vote man respect that
not bad bro, what about yours?
alright i used my vote too
Tell me how to check my points?
Ahahahaha, yo fren. How is your day?
Okay. I'm almost done. you?
Two votes 12 hours apart in one day. Daily task. And chatting here. A total of 25 points can be earned in one day.
how are you guys
Niceee  twitter tasks are usually easy points. Can’t wait to start
yes . points for community call up to 10 points
I'll keep an eye on it, thanks bro, can't wait
Yes I'm waiting for it and Post task
Hey guys, does anyone know what exactly changed in the new update?
I Expect flip games for now
how to vote and whats is the vote address guys?
I'm here. Where are you from? city
wow , congrats buddy help others how you got.
No, there is a limit friend
u better to do smth than wait
It seems there are additional tasks to boost points.
Please be glad to help you. If you contact, we will study the Optimum together
Ok bro I will do same that you have syas
coming soon. follow and set notifications
you can play flip game 10 times in a day
oh good Chats with other is also increase points ?
can you explain
I think endless, all depends on you only
Who is from Ukraine?
I'm talking about the project. twitter news
How's your night yesterday mate
Yeah true  keeping the community active is always the goal. Let’s see what’s next
it is a good thing for coin -flip
I’m waiting for good news too 
you can also earn points with ama, just wait for it
oh mr sabphire is here lol
So now you can only get points for checking in, 2 votes and 20 SMS?
There are several ways. I have been playing coin flip a lot lately.
Yes bro twitter tasks will be live soon
I hope this night goes well.
think around 25,30 per day is the maximum
will be announced in Q1/2026. Please see pined for roadmap
There, typing /vote will give you two options. Choose the one that has the word engagerly. My friend.
Yes I have collected some point what about you
oh thats cool, which news btw?
I don't know yet bro
I'm not going to continue. I'm not earning any points this way!
I didn't win much in coin flip today, but I'm still in the black
I think so! Projects usually introduce new tasks to keep the community engaged. Let’s wait and see
listening to music waiting for news
i think you cant earn more than 20 points from chat
And how much points per day can we get? 30 ?
Anybody know when optimum testnet is coming?
trust me you won't lose that much
Yes agree it's max cap point let's hope for the best
My math so bad, can you count how many for a day?
how all of you collect poits ?
But I think the role of OG is worth it.
one day you can earn up to 40 points
where are you my friend come join us
Well, that's very good, too.
What's is the maximum points limit?
okay, maybe I will
I don't think such an option exists right now.
i am fine brother how are you
no friend because you cant earn more than maximum amouunt
Thanks for sharing this info  super helpful!
haha go burn incense and pray for next time
You can also earn daily points in the channel. Other tasks such as community calls and Twitter interactions are not yet available.
not bad brother, what about you?
I think you need to be in the chat almost all the time to get 1000 points
I did same but didn't get any points
i gain coin games few times so get 67 points
no idea man just chilling
Possible buddy but it's interesting game overall
Do you guys think they will add new ways to earn points soon?
how are yoy guys
I have no chance today
How can I vote in the Vote section, friends?
without tossing a coin you can still have enough if you work hard every day
you haven't done it yet? That point is very helpful
I have only 48 points totally per 2 days
It seems like the coin game is just for losing points. I chose "hand" 5 times in a row and lost every time!!
come here buddy /profile fen
yeah and i think we need it too much because without coin flip we cant get enough points
Haha yeah  I’m aiming for overkill mode no way I’m letting OG slip away
may be we can collect 350 points and than play coin-flip game if we won, we will get 1050 points
Okay, there is no such meter visible at the moment.
good morning ted , have a nice day
how can i check my point?
Honestly i forgot, maybe its 2-5 points
What's up guys
What other tasks are there?
No counter for that bro, just type and check your points
you think we must use coin flip?
it's a game of luck . you need luck
cool info bro thank you so much
To understand what Optimum is better than others, Mirror regularly publishes Optimum comparison cases with existing protocols.
Exactly  better to overshoot than risk losing OG. I’m with you on that!
Let me know if you figure it out.
Go to the channel. And write the phrase /vote and then press enter. It will give you a link. You have to go to that link and vote there after solving the captcha.
If the team announces, we can earn 20 points.
Is there any rule to win in the game? I played it twice and lost.
If you vote, how many points do you get
i have 67 points totally now, so must work hard to reach 1k
If you want to take a risk, you can do bet with coin flip
never gonna give up
Think so. How many points did you get today?
vote? Where is it? I just arrived.
True bro  slowly raising the bar will filter out the lazy ones. Let’s keep pushing!
come here and vote /vote bro
I think twitter task will give us maximum points?
just 15 points in one day LOL
How do I know how many messages I've sent? Is there a counter for messages?
What is the maximum number of points I can get per day? 25, 30 or 35?
You still can earn that points, at all its on you How you try to earn point
38 i want to get 50, what about you?
True! Hitting 300+ weekly is a good strategy. I’m aiming for even more just to stay on the safe side
Ok ok, bro, do your job
it's how we choose our leaders bro
Many people have asked. It will be soon, my friend, wait for the team.
can u explain what voting even means bro
Where can I vote
Honestly it’s not a big deal
come here and execute the syntax /profile
I think you need to check it manual before vote and after vote There's no actually info about vote point
Oh it's okay uh will get more soon
I do not send spam, I send it by writing the translation and I do not share any links or anything.
I think you should try to gain points in other ways. Interact with others here. Vote. Do daily tasks. Also share new project content.
When twitter tasks will live?
Points from the vote get how many points ,help
yes it will be so hard to reach 1k points, so if we keep OG role, it will be valuable
how to check points ?
I didn't have much. My entire balance was 13 points.
I think that condition is too good
Good luck buddy
how are ypu doing
yes but we will try it man
We are waiting for opening this task
I'll try again tomorrow, just in case I get lucky.
1 k poin very hard
maybe gradually increase will have many people give up. we should try this
Just wait for next announcement about community call, team will tag everyone
How to interact with tweets? What exactly should I do? Likes-reposts? or something specific?
There should be more and more meaningful tasks to earn points
Why you use them all bro you should not be greedy
It’s seems that you are spamming
The maximum vote points are obtained by how many points
We all need a lot of points. 1 k is a huge
bruh i won 5 points and lost em on coin flip nicee
Yeah that sounds solid  300+ a week should definitely keep us safe.
I think that in the future, this channel might be added so that everyone can work in the local language. I also agree that a local channel should be created.
task not opened yet. please follow up
will open soon and have interactive posts
But it seems like this task will be very difficult to do.
commiunity call when open?
Well, I lost all my points in the coin-flip. I'm so unlucky.
Yeah I don't play much but I won 10 points today
Who tag me?
Have you through to website link from bot suggest?
Hey fren, how’re you going?
How many SMS per day does it count?
In the vote task center or in the points check channel?
Hahaha that bro needs to get some points
I'm trying to write 20 meaningful messages about the project.
ok thanks bro
Yess they should but
My vote task is not increasing, why
He loves optimum project bro
I'm back. Heyyyy everyone.
dont started yet i guess
So I should use longer sentences.
thx so much ser, you are so helpful king
engage task closed?
I'm just asking questions to the community, if they give me an answer also their task will be done like me.. if my idea is not good, then I should skip it sir
Just wait for next info about twitter engage task, because team still not put any tweet into engage bot
Yeah keep going mate
I think 30-40 a day then a week you can earn more than 300 is ok
yes, it's a game of roulette, and I wasn't lucky
why no national channels here
They should also add a level check.
Please don’t spam here
Yes I think you have to send at least 15 characters words for it to count and 40 chat will get you about 20 point a day
you can search your chat and filter your username
Flexnodes with RLNC make data gossip dramatically efficient
Feel sad for you bro
Engage tasks still closed bro
Look, go to the channel, type /profile there and hit enter. You can see your point. then /vote and inter
By the way, how many points do we need weekly to stay safe with the OG role?
great solve, it will be good for counting messages
You finished today's tasks bro ? How many points you got ?
Exactly! Together we can bring Optimum to the next level. This campaign is just the beginning
I lost some of my points there.
Can you tell me, I didn’t understand from the birth map, when is the approximate exit date?
good idea : thanks mate
no engage yet, just join and play
Optimum is decentralizing memory for the world computer
Yeah use the search bar then click on three dots and from a specific person then enter your username
How to do vote ?
How to play game and twitter engage task
i think there is no command for that, count manually
Reminder, don't try to send these continuously.
Sure bro. See you tomorrow here
DeRAM will enable real-time read/write access to on-chain state
When will the flexnode network go live for public participation?
That's nice how did you get that much point today?
good night mate
play it will help you guys get tons of points
Is there a way to count the number of messages?
He said there was also an AMA, but I don't know how many points he got.
Good night friend, come to us tomorrow
and if a person was active here all the time, but didn't reach 1,000 points by September 15, will they lose their role?
Tell me, has the campaign already started?
Have you checked OptimumP2P's low-latency block propagation?
What milestones lie ahead for Optimum’s development?
For what activity bro? It’s a lot
How did you got that much?
i still dont know how can i see my points, can anyone write the true command ?
Optimum’s RLNC boosts blockchain data throughput instantly
Which backers support Optimum’s vision and growth?
if premium that will be double??
mb we need regional chats ?
Now I'll spend a little time on it every day. The community has become active.
Wow you are whale brother
How many days camping running here let's see
i counted bro
Max point of the day is 40 , 20 vote , 10 chat , 5 support other , 5 checkin
ten points sounds good to me
Facts. Strong tech is powerful, but strong community makes it unstoppable. Optimum is playing the long game the right way.
What role do advisors like Nancy Lynch and Sriram Viswanath play?
Wow This is a good result, congratulations
Sure you chatted up to 40 messages?
Chat and vote ? How many points
What’s that city?
without engaging you can earn 10 points from chat with 20 messages and daily check 5 points
I think they are just starting to make them
Thank you my friend. I was reading this right now. It might be nice to share on x.
How many points daily for chat here
did i reach max point today? just sad i didnt check that before lol
Great bro, hbu?
What unique expertise do the co-founders bring?
my first check in!!
how did you do this my bro tell me
optimum in my opinion is quite good. don't miss anything
That's right, not everyone gets points.
Wow congrats mate
but i just got only 10 points
U got points? How many points a day ?
For chat or what
Congrats, mate. Hope you're getting dem points
ended back in the spring
Yes, it's a very good project.
In what ways could trading platforms improve using Optimum?
today i got 80 points bro
Very interesting question
Yes new people can't join it's for og only
How are you doing today mate
am back fam
I keep asking for task
i have chatted about 40 messages
Daily how many points can earn
Yes mate the only OG champagne going on now is to retain your OG but you can still join the quest who knows
You did all yours task for today na
Galxe missions are a thing of the past, my friend. You can now get the roles by being active.
How can gaming and AI applications leverage Optimum’s memory layer?
Yeah, points only for og
Please use English bro its general Chanel
It is designed to be compatible with any blockchain (Chain-Agnostic and can be easily implemented through a permissionless API (Permissionless API. This allows nodes to benefit from its benefits without having to change the blockchain’s consensus mechanism.
Good night mate good dreams
good night fen , see you again
Yes we will see good time coming very soon
I'll still check if it gives me another 10 points for SMS, I wonder
Thank buddy how much point did you earnd
Ended 4 months ago
Community engagement is honestly one of Optimum’s strongest assets. The constant activity builds a lot of trust.
yes bro it's an assignment in galxe and it's done
What on-chain use cases benefit most from DeRAM?
yes, it was on galxe, but now end
Thanks brother hope someone help me too
no problem . supporting you is my pleasure
let's go to another city for a barbecue
Yes I will check in daily here it's good dashboard
good night fam
Og role campaign ended?
Yes, it's a very good project.
Yes, I agree, good things are waiting for us..I feel it.
Now we are waiting for the other tasks
What are the prerequisites to deploy flexnodes in the Optimum network?
you should read to know more about how to earn points
then follow the task here and /vote
yeah one guy helped me here with that, someone will help ya
Will you go to restaurant?
Well, when you have a lot of friends, communicate with them
Welcome my friend, good luck in advance :
About points? have you read the ?
Its good l2 scalable and very fast zk is good going
How to vote ? Anyone know ?
Where should we do the daily check-in?
my birthday is on a weekend so most likely yes
Which blockchains are currently supported or targeted?
Haha you think so fren yeah
How are we going to do it my friend. Is it actively here?
if you guys wanna get more and more points, try
Ohhh thanks m na miss kr dia tha thanks buddy
Optimum’s Layer 2 solutions could be the real answer to Ethereum’s scalability issues. Gas fees are way lower now.
How does Optimum integrate with existing nodes?
Congratulations mate keep up the good work
Daily check in and 20 messages, pretty easy
So will your party be bigger?
u better to understand broski
Please use English bro its general Chanel
a more secure way
Yeah you actually get 25-30 points per day fren
10 points per day is not enough to deadline, need 1000 points total
It looks like the new tasks are going to wear us all out. :
try to earn a lot and if you want to earn more you can play gambling
çekiliş oyunu oynadım sürekli kayıp ettim
What kind of tasks are there?
You already have how many points I haven't had many
What makes Optimum DeRAM unique among blockchain storage layers?
how's it going fam ?
Points need for og role keepers
thanks, no a small party because soon it's my birthday too
i dont understand
OptimumP2P is a tool that helps blockchain nodes share information fast, reducing delays and saving internet bandwidth for users.
can anyone tell me in detail that how can i complet voting task ??
i meant explain further details
you should vote and checkin each will get 5 points
my point 15
Bro it's hard, I don't know if I can do it
dont do anything and ull get them
Please elaborate mate, what do you mean?
Fren are you making a big research yeah
Do you know how to get more points?
why so little? i think it should be a few dozen points
and what is the most easy method to make points?
Wow, congratulations to your bf  have you a big party?
Yes we will do it make optimum greet again do it
I Flip pont and earn 75 points
How does Optimum P2P reduce latency and bandwidth usage?
you need to start actively communicating and completing tasks
bu kanala Türkçe yazdığımızda da puan alabiliyor muyuz
I don’t know exactly
we waiting other tasks bro
Go to the Checkpoint channel. And there write the phrase /profile and press enter. Then see your score. You can also vote there.
haha you can't join the campaign because you don't have the og role
/vote for voting points, each 12 hours
Why is decentralized memory infrastructure essential?
Yes I checked it's good let's hope for best
will reposting more points or quotes
everything is fine, we celebrated the boyfriend birthday today
I have only 8 points
Absolutely! The more we engage, the stronger the Optimum community becomes. Let’s make this campaign exciting together
yes, don't forget to earn extra points from voting
go and /profile
You are right about this, because my score just increased, I think the points are added instantly.
Fren you can check out your points here
and how then will we collect 1000 in a month? it's unrealistic
What advantages does RLNC bring to data propagation?
i need more points per day, no 10
Yes it's automatically added keep it up
you can check here my bro
You need to type /profile here my friend
everything is fine . how about you ?
You don’t need it bro
After 20 massages i think my point automatically add in my dashboard
/profile Here mate
Where can I find tasks and polls?
How does Random Linear Network Coding operate within Optimum?
should join all . to try to get as many points as possible to qualify for 1000 points
How are you doing today mate
points—check channel - check and type /profile and you will see that
Let's contributing big here mate
How are you
no bro per day maks 10 points
That doesn't seem interesting. They might report each other just to get points.
my point check?
type /profile here
I think we should let them read. If they ask focus on specific issues.
check and type /proflie, it will help you
you have this role, but you need to keep it
Why has no blockchain integrated true memory before?
Really curious to see how Optimum will reward the OG holders at the end of this campaign. Do you guys think there will be extra perks for staying active?
Not bad, thanks bro How are you today?
How are you
That tasks still closed now
yes i understand thank you friend, very helpful
If I write 100 SMS in a day, will I get my 50 points?
how i check how many points i have?
optimum uses a special technology called RLNC to split data into small pieces, making blockchain networks quicker and more efficient.
No task right now let's wait let's do it
yes and those campaign spammers
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts
i filp and earn 75 points
Yep you need make good reposts their posts
u already have og lol
What problem does Optimum aim to solve?
please og me
today is a positive day, and you ?
Please provide a simple and short explanation
Only 10 points per messages, 10 per daily tasks and 10 per 2 times voting
Heeeey mate How are you? How is your mood?
No! Those ones have not rolled out yet.. So we all are still waiting for those to start
If there are no other tasks, you can collect at most 15 points per day
Yes don't gambling keep earning point
thanks thanks broski
What inspired the creation of Optimum?
Yes I understand, thank you friends, has the tweet task started?
Good evening friend, how are you?
Hey there my Ukrainian sister
So it's a channel for reporting scammers?
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts This metrics
mod said it will be available soon and you should follow channel Tweet engergaly
Run the slash / command in and u will see the voting command pop up. Click it, and it will redirect u to were to upvote. Just do everything as instructed and u will be good
i hope i wont gamble afterall this effort lol
that is, the daily limit is now 25 points, of which one check-in is for 5 points and 40 SMS?
sup incrypto og bro
I don't understand what X tasks are.
sup og's !
Command /vote in points-check
its too hard to get but not impossible if u r lycky u will get
Not sure but more task coming i will give try
it will begin later, not active rn
Okay bro. Let’s keep working here.
You can read carefully here and earn points.
hayır lütfen duyuru kanalına bakın
10 points for 20 messages bro
What are X tasks?
25 points per day per message and that's it?
Sure, I think it’s huge number
thanks a lot dude
that channel was created to report spammers and scammers
messages need to be more than 15 characters bro please check
OK my friend. Thank you.
Have you done my tweet task yet
how to get points?
We'll have to roll the dice in the coin-flip channel, my friend :
Let's do it fast mate time running
where voting is live sir ??
Just run the slash command in and u will see the voting command pop up
Yep it’s automatic
But will we be able to earn the maximum points every day?
very big 1000 points
\I just had dinner, am active and relaxing
Do you think we'll have time to collect them all?
Nice to meet you mate keep contributing here
it will be easier when x quests began
my bad, it's actually
5 points for daliy and if you send 20 messages here you can collect 25 points in total
25 in the morning and 5 points now, for second voting
Yes my friend. You will be active here.
The race to 1000 points has begjn
whats the bot hunt?
Okay, I’ll work to keep my OG role
Keep your patience bro
Have to do all the tasks and points that come in?
has everyone had dinner yet?
Try to wait and double check
Hello! everyone. I am a passionate and blockchain expert who has been working for many years. Is there anyone looking for dev? If someone need dev, please ping me at anytime.
Each vote gives 5 points. You can cast 2 votes per day, 12 hours apart. So, 10 points in one day for voting.
So if we add that, then we can make it. So do not miss our engage tweets when it starts dropping
Active here bro yoh will get points
and where i can collect these points
seems like im blind and dont see it
Are you wrong? Please check carefully and don't forget to vote.
what is this point limit per day?
Yes need to maintain we have to 1000 point
which match bro fenerbahçe
Yes, you must collect 1000 points by September 15th, otherwise your OG role will be lost.
Nice to meet you, I am also from India
not yet. follow chanel don't miss it
im not still get 20 points
just reached the my daily max points fam, will watch match now
Go vote and earn 5 points
now i have to maintain og role ??
If we are just doing this, then we cannot meet up. So it means a ton of twitter engagement tasks would come up in da future, which will give us the opportunity to get a ton of points
Points check branch with comamd /vote
yep u are right
you can earn 20 points 1 day with 12h vote 1 time
sure, it's in
I'm very good I'm from India
how quickly did you collect them?
Really hope they start adding X task, as to make less tedious
oh, in which channel? can u link?
Welcome mate, have you voted on 2 websites?
You need complete all tasks and after check
yeah me too it will be hard counting lol
Will the new tasks be hell? Does anyone know, friends?
Do you earn 5 or 10 points with your vote?
This is a campaign created by Optimum because the OG filter is not working.
where are u from
Keep it consistent with your hard work
I’ve just gotten only 30 points today
but I wanna check my daily message counts automaticly haha
cause we are the people
keep going, keep grinding
Yes u did if u have not been voting.. U need to run the bot voting command to vot for the bot
why, we have og role why we lose it
join cal how to do it, i haven't done it yet
maybe he is bot you can check he is spamming
of course i will be here everyday
How are you doing today mate
yeah thanks i did it you are a helpfull person
maybe nah? we can live w/o og role
Where are you from I'm from India
Go back Necessarily tomorrow
yea you should do mate we need to get 1k score
I m good bro home
ok thank you
that's a steady number, keep going
A noteworthy warning: The messages written here must not be less than 15 characters.
How many points did you earn fren
Stay safe man
I'm good what about you mate
same feel of u lol, feel borring but cannot action more
you just need to type your id in the magnifying glass on the right corner of the screen
ready for 35 points today
You can daily claim 5 points for in task centre branch
If with the time we have, can it be
which voting? did i miss smth?
how are u
Yes! 5pts for each.. That is why it amts to 10pts every 24hrs
oh, I need to look up some information on this
Resting for tonight
that's also true, but it would be very difficult
points—check channel - check and type /profile and you will see that
No problems about that. I try again tomorrow.
At the moment, it's just chatting, daily check-ins, flipping and voting
yes mate, good job and keep health
Even if you send 40 messages, you will only get 10 points.
try to continue with the gambling
yeah, but this system kinda sucks right now, hope the team will add something, cuz it's very boring
how can I see my daily message counts fam, need to calculate something
10pts from chatting in here, 10pts for voting, and 5pts for replies in here a day.. That is it
were check in?
you cant bro, its in hypothesis. you can only earn 35 points
Did you manage to do it friend?
I don’t know why bro, sorry. It’s ok on my side
Stopped for tonight
I read the relevant post on the announcement channel, a more meaningful period awaits us indeed.
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts.
but we have coin flip braza haha
From wherever you get those points per day
Yeah. we gat be careful too
What research, mate?
haha I got 6 points from the bet, need more bet but risky
right, we need more task to fast earn points
Why do you think so?
How is another way to get points?
You can only earn 10 points a day from the chat section.
At all bro
But how will earn 40 per day?
If your friend is on top that means you are also on top though not all friends
if i send 40 messages a day, can i get 20 points?
I also have this information, thank you
1 message for 30 sec 100 msg for 50 mins lol and without waiting
If u do everything right, that is 10pts for chatting in here, 10pts for voting, and the 5pts for all replies u do. That is a total of 25pts a day
Go to the and toggle /vote You'll be redirected to a website, connect your DC then vote You can vote every 12hrs
No crying in the casino
What is General Research Per Day ?
You can get 10 points by sending 20 useful messages per day. Sending more than that in a day does not earn you any extra points. But you can help others.
But I voted not quite long and I didn't receive any points. What could be the issue?
35 points is the minimum
Have you voted enough?
10 points for 20 messages
I checked it before What's commond I should to write
if there was such a limit we wouldn't have managed to collect 1000 points in a month
you are bot . don't try to talk
Yeah but 15 points per day is hard to make until sep 15 tho
I know that but you can also write 100 messages
Life is about gambling
i think its 40 for day, 1000 points for 25 days
Take it easy
we need to reach 35 pts daily right ? not 40 points
yes, minimum and u can earn 20 points, please correct if me wrong
Yea. 20 messages is the minimum
It is very simple bro just go to scroll up an click on the check in that's all for the day my friend come back letter an do same
type /vote here and follow the steps from the bot, you will see there
You can vote each 12 hours
Go use the command /profile in to see
Where did you hear about this friend?
soon bro. follow chanel tweet
Please go to and type profile
30 points how many worlds?
per day you get how many points bro
u can check frrom type /profile
nothing is impossible
cuz it's like daily, nope?
Not sure about that man
Loss again at coin flip
Check here bro
With just 20 messages over 15 characters you will get 10 points
When engage points to be opened?
do we get points daily or like every 20 msgs?
I thought it was 25? It is 25 i heard was the max point one can earn a day
Yes, it's hard, but it can be done. You have to try. Help others. Interact. Share your information with others. Vote. Do daily tasks. And the project will probably appreciate it too.
So see you tomorrow bro, bye
How can I check it
Good night mate Sleep well
for once only but i liked replying lol4
good night . have a nice dream
20 messages a day?or is this the minimum?
20 useful messages, not spammy messages else won’t count
why per day? for 20 messages we get 10 points
you will get point for voting for the bot
Frens on top
He probably got like 150 points by now lol
Good night man
right on the numbers.. me too
But I didn't got yet..
byy byy guys its time to sllep noe see you soon guys
Whether the task is a research per day or 12 hours
We push each to the top then we win together that how life suppose been no stress
yes good mate and me
i am fine brother, how are u
30 points today. Is it maximum per day?
yes, I finished them all
write / profile in points check channel
You can get 10 points for replying
Gmum everybody I hope you have good time here
Have you done tasks for today?
But it's hard to make it tho
Sheesh bro, that is too risky for me. Have u by chance won any from it? And if u have, how many did u use vs how much u got?
no, just 20 message to earn points, must include 15 word
By the way hiw how many point you have earned
Yes 20 messages give 10 points
new day full of energy. how many points do you have today?
Only for 20 quality messages
idk seems like it
nope, 20 messages per day
How are you today?
Sharp nice to meet you too buddy let's keep the spirit high and focus on the goals in front of us
i guess from discord bots but not sure
Ok no worries man
do we collect points in every message??
Welcome bro keep doing all taak daily and each 12 hrs
How messages is counting ? By AI?
That's hard to make it tbh
because no one wants to lose their roles
Be active and supportive don’t spam
home bro I m good
come to coin-flip lucky lucky
There should be no fatigue
it is not simple i mean point check center a little bit confusing
Yes.. That is for just talking and conversing in here
No, buddy, you have until September 15th. And you have to get all the necessary points on the day. And wait for other tasks to reach 1000 points.
Thanks bro, have a nice day
oh okay i voted for once thank you
Going good what about you mate
doing good brother, what about you ?
motivation to the max, it's cool
i need to get more points
Did you dun your task yet mate
Current OG Filter Campaign
You can vote just for one
good night fam , see u tommorow
I don’t know
Ahaha. Cheers for now reason because it's optimum
You need more points then put in much work and keep believing in urself to scale through
better play flip game, if u winner u will add more points
how are u doing fam
Still a log way, mate
How are you?
I hope it'll be open soon
Blud! So u gather dey here as well? Sharp! I am nigerian too my friend. Nice to meet ya
What is the research point per day and what time is it
Make another activity bro
why i need to go? what is the deal?
Per day i think buddy let's try in after 12 but it's per day
Your welcome come man go and win
thank you voting for both
thank you mate
every day i complete seriously
Oohh..thanks mate..let's go for it
Engage is closed a good idea to assign new tasks to earn points.
I have 10 points? why. I need more points
Type /vote here and go to 2 websites in that messages
Let's get this point thingy wrapped up
But it’s still 10 points per day on this activity?
You are not eligible to participate in the campaign.
Sure I'm a verified Nigerian 🇳🇬
⁠points—check channel - check and type /vote and you will see that
glad you think so, cheers
thank you very much for your support
Yes mate..you experienced it well
It will come surely but no one knows when so keep an eye on engage cheek
Is 15 point per day enough to make it?
You do not have the og role. THEN you cannot participate in the campaign.
we are still waiting for engaging, may be it will come nearly
Yup! So bro, where are you from my friend? Love to know that if you do not mind at all?
Ok no problem try your luck and I hope you win
thanks you are a good president
Only messages in general chat
You should send this many meaningful messages per day, with more than 15 characters. Also, do daily tasks and vote. You can also do bots.
I'm good buddy
how to vote do you know
You need reply their post with your thoughts but not spam
On G! Chat is on fire
yes, don't try it too often, friend, but once it's okay
how, can i vote? can u suggest.
Guys, why is tweet engage still empty
I am grinding hard wish I reach there soon
yes really chat is going crazy
Yeah Ya a male or female?
great need to try to do this
come here and write the command /profile
Thanks for answer sir. god bless u
What are you doing about optimum?
hell bro you here ?
Only we chat in general will be count or overall?
I have not interacted any post so i can't tell you bro
yes, everyone chillin in here and i think good idea to talking more news
I said chat is going crazy
He's asking what's that
yeah for sure it's a good time here
⁠points—check channel - check and type /profile and you will see that
also you can earn 10 poins for voting
life is too short to gamble lol
dude you are an angel, that place is too confusing
a couple of times for a small amount
Alright then, wishing you luck!
Only per day? Not per 12 hours?
Ok you mean the amount you can use to flip? I guess it is 10 Point or there about
Good day everyone
Yeah u are right.. Just reach the threshold and you will be good to go and complete in here
doing great my friend what about you
stay focused . the campaign has announced the missions then you should earn points from the missions .
How do we vote, friends? Does anyone know?
choose your side of coin, and then type your bet
Check and type /profile
What do you mean by this word?
Little but tired
yes, only daily check-in
then any update when calls and events come to get point
What do you mean?
Thank you too Good luck
With the current points can I reach 1000 points
yep i searched it will be ez for interacting X account
nothin much just chillin here you know
if that's the case then I'll try my luck too
Can we do 20 messages for day or 12 hours?
take a rest bro, stay health and more health more rewards
Wow That's massive
10 point only you get for 20 msg in a day
thankyou guys, and you?
I think so too because I couldn't find it where it is.
No men, it looks risky..what you say?
yeah, but I wouldn’t really recommend 
oh ok, thanks for replying me. have a good night
Byeeee.. I hope to talk to you tomorrow that is if we see  .. Take care of your self tonight
I'm good cutie wtf is chat
Hey sir. İf i create content about Optimum and send link to will i get points?
How are you doing today mate
Sure no issues I will do the same too it's always good to connect
i think its not active yet
Have you checked in the past few days if you interact with tweets, if you get any points added? That's a question for me. I've had a few interactions, but I don't think I've gotten any points for them.
So I can choose any quantity that I have?
if i did 100 msgs i get 50 point or only 20
i think im at like 150 points right now
Thanks friend, let's keep working
Who said anything about Testnet?
Just trying to save Og role bro, and you?
just a bit tired, you know
how can i check my points?
whats wrong bro ?
Just keep try in my best and please stand with me friends
How do we get points for Twitter?
Yeahh bro, have you tried it
it depends on series, yeah I like series
thanks mate i am claimed my daily points
thank you bro
Is optional bro you choose the risk urself
It's not unlimited you will get only ten point
yep, it needs to keep your OG role
anyone need help with a game?
How are you doing today mate are you good
I think you are no receive points for another 20 msg
everything is great, and how are you mate?
Cool.. Now we just became official friends  .. I will checkout your acc to see what other nice pjs u do aside from OPT
Nice  How many points do you have now?
ready for testnet and everything
Good evening fam
I couldn't see the vote in the task center.
If I have 100 points, can I bet 30 points?
don't worry, i see you're working hard. I mostly voted
Wow mod, yes the profit bet is small and lost is not too much
None, for now
Of course, and this is a quantum leap for improving network performance, especially for blockchain games.
Vote 5 points each time, and 12 hours apart
nice, did you earn something today?
thank you for helping mate
yes mate, need more task to earn more point i think
will I get 10 points for every 20 massage with 15+ characters? if it is 100 massages I will get 50 points?
Go to and check in
How u doing guys
Thank you . Interesting info!
Type / profile command in the channel.
Are there things to do outside of Discord?
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts. If you mean that
I have half as much(
points—check channel - check and type /profile and you will see that
We all are bro.. Got my fingers crossed for that on anticipation for it  .. I think it is gonna be epic!
how to check our points because its important
I’m a bit of a luckman, tried a few times, looks like I ended up with a small + on points.
Thanks man Are you a fan of the series
Lets keep your og & keep active here
Optimum to the moon, chat
I came to collect points, greetings to everyone
yep, just riding the wave with you all
how can i check in mate
Yeah no just did follow you
that why...just focus to reach 1k for now...u can do some gambling in last 5 days if cant touch that
yes i read it ..
Any wvent about points new
Good evening Optimum
This will probably happen in the coming days. I am also waiting, my friend. What information did you get about the project today? Tell me about it.
Ye! Sir . Omtimum will rule the ecosystem
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts. If you mean that
40 i think, what about you?
yoo grinding and grinding
thank for information bro
did you read friend? there are about points system
Yeah... I think i will do that later though, but u can just following me through X for now
glad to hear that my friend
and how many points do you have already?
keep working my bro
In coin flip right?
better luck next time
oh ok ok fam. nice pfp by the way
You get it
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts. If you mean that
Have you tried it yet? Is it possible to risk not all but only part of your points?
for real, things are shifting fast in crypto lately
Yes doing it let's hope for best bro
more chat more point...just make it maxing reach a day
I 30 point collect
Hahah okay buddy thanks I must go see you tomorrow
I am with you about flips
yes i experienced it and the point is lost
No mate I was just saying it that way
I'm fine too, my friend, thanks.
yes mate i am folowing announcments
I just followed you back
There is no gap... That is the way it works. You only get 10pts for chatting in here and meeting the typing threshold
Same here. Eagerly waiting
everyone needs them so go ahead
I'm also waiting for this let's see when it come
Thank you so much .
we all are waiting for it
go to point check man you can control it
thanks a lot i have 14 is it good
keep following announcement
totally bro, energy is super contagious here
Although I would like to triple my points
Yeah, so it’s better not to mess with it—at your own risk.
My friend. Each of them has their own channels and you can also check them through the notifications channel. Also follow the project's Twitter.
when tweet engage start ? I am waiting for that
In the chanel points check write profile
Keep it up fren
Check and type /profile
Yes og is on top let's win og again
yep, that's exactly what I mean
oh tnx kind person. I am looking like that I am woring about something?
Sure I will definitely follow back man Just try and connect ur X to ur discord so it will be easy
Don't you think?
thank you my friends and you
i think optimum very nice project cocacolastic
Are you asking how many points each person scored?
Be active and consistent It's very possible.
Hehehe, sure  . You can always tag me to your work so i can drop an interaction on it
points—check channel - check and type /profile and you will see that
Strange. Only 10 points, although I wrote a lot of messages. Most likely there is a gap.
It’s rare to see a project offering non-traditional solutions. It’s truly a promising project all networks will benefit from Optimum.
ya, everyday i am good, spirit to work
i think im at like two or three things so far
Likewise Reggie 
yep, time is changing now no more grinds
It's very interesting but also dangerous to take such risks.
It's okay at least you tried to teach me. Thanks man
how i check my points
check coin flip in engagerly
Not everybody can speak English, mate
I also feel good and am working normally.
see ya Yana, have a good work
It will dropped in the channel You don't need to worry about that
Then do it buddy we need point
How was your day going hope it was smooth
İ m fine too sir. What do you think about Optimum?
Thank you mate, and you?
this server is lit af
Guess what? I just followed you bro  . Hope you will be following me to?
Appreciated bro keep it up together and focussed
Wow, is this right on the server?
Doing well Thanks a lot
i am feeling okay mate, what about you
please use english language mate
how many all of colloected till now
Its already late I gotta go to sleep
You welcome. Hope you know it now?
I don't use translete when i chat here because of that sometimes it's getting hard I'm good at speaking and understanding but bad at writing
Hey..mate what going on?
Okay, I must go bye bye buddy
exactly I like your attitude
someone knows where can I check calls and events?
Gave you a follow on X mate I can see we have a lot mutual servers
check what I replied to mate
I just gave you a follow do well to follow back
true that, contributing sounds way better for sure
How are you bro?
Yanlış yeri eklemişim zaten hahahaa
all good bro hbu
It's good that you asked and they answered you, this is the power of the community
some people will said high risk high return..but why how if u didnt have winning any of that
Of course we’ll handle it, just gotta keep the faith, bro.
Yes, exactly. I got a lot of new information about optimum today. And the market is also good. What could be better than this?
i am fine my friend how are u
What risk do you talk mate?
Yeah I feel it the energy
I'll think about it when I start this job
Hehe how many thing's you unlocked so far
Thank you. I didn't know the commands. They are different on each server.
olmadı. neyse thank you so much
Yeah I say that let's go!!!
The second option is not allowed to vote by saying "ad settings" etc.
Hey mate How are you doing?
definitely, good vibes all around here bro
Let’s go bro
g ood night fam how are you doing?
where are you going? to sleep?
i am great thx mate
Okay... Your translator could not keep up with it? Well it happens like that sometimes
You will definitely get it..just stay here
i see your point about risk
How are you serhat senpai
Drink some vine and go to sleep hahahah
That's spirit mate let's keep it high w will make it
night mate, how are u today ?
I'm doing fine buddy how are you
that why..never do gambling...but if have more that 1k...its fine for gambling
Go to and type /profile You will see your total points.
good night bro
No, I'm leaving soon
Waiting to get my 10 points for the the day
yeah man, unlocking stuff is so satisfying honestly
Yes, that's very sad, I've already spent a lot of points too
dan /vote yapıyon ya orda ikitane seçenek çıkıyor ikisinden de vote yapınca 5 ordan 5 ordan alıyon
Good night friends
ok ok I am appreciate you. Thanks Yana
Did someone say follow for follow?  You just got my attention bro, and i am down for it
Crazy day as always , u?
beter say contributing more appropriate statement
Yeah that a good way to grow. Connect ur X to ur discord acct so it will be easy to follow you
Yes someone needs to make good mood
Hey mate how are you doing today mate
Not gonna try once
I'm always respectfull but what i write was hard to translate so I wrote it as Turkish
If you don’t have right now og you can’t do it I think
yeah..surely its part of part ecosystem
How can I check how many points I have in total?
Yeahhhh We chilling with optimum
It's not being distributed right now, buddy. But be active here. Do the daily task. Share relevant information with others. Vote. And interact. It's possible they'll give you the role again.
yeah i know, I’ve already write 20 good messages, so now I’m just chilling here.
Thank you too, have a nice evening and a happy time with whoever you are
for sure, let's keep the vibes going dude
I just lost my points in the channel
Okay, not a bad idea.. But you know how to go about it? What tools or things that may help u out with it?
it is quite important to maintain a good mood
Can we get 1k points till 15 sep?
Yes everybody speak in English mate ️
Yes grinding hard buddy let's see how unlock things
Follow for follow let's go
Please respect others and speak English.
Of course, it's your decision. I respect it. I don't want to take too many risks either.
totally, gotta stay motivated and keep grinding bro
I’m in, following each other on X is a good way to grow together
Not possible now you are late now
Yeah, it’s on the server to triple your points, but I wouldn’t really recommend playing.
Thanks mate! Have a nice evening!
şunu tam anlamadım maalesef ki
I don't know, I just guess it and decided to ask you
Thanks, I'll follow you in back
Closed sir make sure follow sir
i am here
I'll visit this chat more often then.
There are 25 days, I need to make 40 points a day, but it's impossible without flips.
I see the chat has become more lively.
let's vibe and chill fam
sounds like a plan
Agree with you keep it up mate
Do you know this? Flex Nodes are simple computers that help Optimum share data, and anyone can join without fancy equipment needs.
no local groups so far maybe later
How to Get OG role ?
nope, 15 for now. 10 for massage and 5 daily check in
If friends with high scores write their scores, it will be a guide for friends who think they can't do it. Don't give up.
Ok guys let's also follow ourselves on X so we grow and build together who's in
Not yet, but I think I'll start soon
This is the first time I hear about this, is she interesting?
yeah how do you know that? where are you from
Yeah I got 10 points this morning.
definitely man, strength comes from those hard moments
Hah do you looking for review?
I thought the maximum was 5 points per day.
YES OPTİMUM WİLL RULE
If I right understand - yes!
i didnt want for gambling..its i never luck for that
is that turkish language? isn't it?
You will get 10 point for 20 chat but good chat
How to get OG role ?
That is awesome. All stones were not left unturned i see  . So have you been in the chat for long today?
so see you tommorow
Okay, try it I have info in my profile
tebrikler yeni bir yol bulmuşsun helal
your twitter account is nice, followed you by the way
I'm doing well, I'm trying my best. Can you vote here? It doesn't count for me.
for sure, gotta balance it with real life too
Yes, it is, that's what makes us strong
Exactly, it’s part of a bigger ecosystem, not just a single project
yes, if u do task 20 chat message in here
not supposed to take it
everyone is runnig in his own race this is really deep talks
What did you do today, how are you feeling?
İ m fine too. Vote den iki kere puan alabiliyon ikisine de girip
Is it only once in a day you can get the optimum points for 20 texts ?
i talking about coin flip
are you going to bed already?
Did anyone get more than five points for messages today?
That is a good idea, not bad.. So you do write threads i see? Have u written for optimum before?
Hahah, it’s ok, don’t worry yeah, I had productive day
u know it..project its not only one project
motivation is key, keeps us all going, right?
heey whats up
Seems I finishing my grind today 20 msgs done
Yes buddy keep it up lets do it fast
What game are you talking about?
idk, now team will filter OG
My friend team opened the coin flip channel to make the job fun. There is also the luck factor. It's better this way. Doing certain tasks every day would be boring otherwise.
let me check your twitter account
What do you mean like how less or how a lot of?
what do you mean by that?
a lot grind will take a lot time in your RL...
risky game, but if there’s no other choice, gotta give it a shot.
That’s normal, the system doesn’t always give the full amount every day, depends on activity and limits
I think they are knowledgeable and elite people. The Optimum team is led by Professor Muriel Medard (Co-Founder and CEO, inventor of RLNC, and Dr. Kishori Kunwar (Co-Founder and CTO in the field of distributed systems and coding theory.
What did your friend do today?
I love this motivation
I wonder how many people will get the role.
night brother, how about today ?
everyone for now are getiing few points. But it is for now
Lol. My bad  . Promise not to make that mistake again. So what where some of the activities you did today?
Heey everything is fine, I'm working now. how are you there?
I want to write some more posts and post them on my Twitter
Goodnight mate Have a good one
grind never stops, gotta keep that momentum up
I'm really fine how about you?
sure fren, me too. try to save og role
I get fewer points per day.
yeah yeah I got him, just asked for to be sure
click again mate
I’m a girl but whatever
Awesome!  From the smile you gave, looks like you really enjoyed yourself today and had a ton of fun
not sometime...because we grind more all time
That can happen sometimes, usually just a delay in the system updating the points
Yes, that would be good, the fastest is the best and the best result.
this is so good talks and motivate me for og role thnks dear
feel like playing something random
Heeey mate Welcome to Optimum
For five messages, but no more than five points per day?
thank you this will be good
Hey lady welcome how are you?
to work at night? what work are you doing at night?
Good plan! Need to note daily check-ins
@Exkankaraul teacher, is there anything to do other than discort
I guess that's what he's asking about
yes, mate, now small way to launch testnet i think
My point for vote today is not adding up
Optimum Team best or not. ??
Yes bro you can just once a day get points for sms
If we support it with coin flip, we can earn more easily.
Yeah mate Hopefully before the end of the week
keep focus to save OG role mate
oh you need that trully
nice, stacking points is always a good move
That is good to hear man  . Good to know ypur day went well. As for me, it went well too. But the thing is, i am still at work
Hellllo, how are you? Long time no see. What are you doing? How is your day and mood?
you mean with languages? I think there will be soon
happy to hear that
Total point kitne hai ???
Thanks for the information mate!
Nice to meet you too Reggie little bit, and then I'll go on to work
Twitter engage and space events will help us earn more points. Don't worry too early.
I heard they will do it in future for all countries on server
Friends, what are you doing outside of the discort is related to the project?
That 10 points for 20 messages is once per day
soon added mate
I’m on it today, just keeping up and stacking points
we all know that short time...becuse max point its not 50
that's the spirit, keep pushing forward, man
Okay, whatever you say. I will always follow the announcements and wait for new tasks.
I see the chat has become more lively.
Exactly, like why the fuss? People really doubt themselves and what they can accomplish with the time frame given
Thank you for understanding
Well it has not been said yet but as soon as the are ready they will notify the community
Yes i m good
yo mans how are u?
With the right schedule, we could hit 900+ points, and maybe the engages and AMA could help push us to 1000 points.
how about local groups?
It definitely will be like that. Together and helping each other, we can achieve our goals. In the meantime, this project really has a lot to say.
there is no official information for now about testnet
Just chilling in the chat here nothing more
Sharp, no time to look back too often
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts If you will do this task every day you will save your role with 1000points
I experienced different emotions today but overall it was a great day And your?
So the veining about not being able to - This is the rarest feeling in the world, I don't want to feel it
we all work here so I understand you
true, chatting can be its own grind sometimes
We'll be updated once it available
working hard mate...its really2 hard for that
Optimum Team ??
was nice to meet you Yana, will you be here more?
So bro, whatsup with you? Hope your day went well today and you are good?
When will the full testnet be launched? I mean swaps and so on.
Hope it will pay But let's try and keep our role so we won't regret it later
25 days is not a short time. We will be able to earn more points with new events.
I'm working, and what are you doing?
keep focus to save OG role mate
Can we get 1k points till 15 sep?
And when will I be able to see the tasks for interacting with Twitter? I don't see it yet.
Absolutely, let's be hopeful and anticipate further developments from the team on that aspect
grinding every day
Twitter engagement how to complete
What you think can we get 1000 points before 18 september?
all chatting in general..its grinding mate
Appreciated bro keep it up together and focussed
Oh! So you would be leaving us soon? So how was your day today? Hope it was not stressful?
I don't think so, only for the remain the OG
yes that's true
Hahah, yeah, little bit
I hope to benefit the project and also maintain my role. It would be very valuable.
Sure. Get 1k points before 15th of September.
chat 10 points, daily 5 points, calls 10 points and X engagements 10 points
Yeah buddy the deadline is so close u have to be on time so that u don't miss it
yo who's grinding today
Stepped away for a bit to handle my stuff, but I’m back now.
Right, staying alert and consistent is the best way not to slip up
Seriously man I really expected something good from there but no wahala we move into the next
Lol.. Only chillers get the best rewards, so i would say chiller! As we do not lose regardless
its not long time mate..its just under 30 days...its will be fast
Hahaha. Ok mate. Will do. Even though I might say that’s not easy thing to do since getting more does not have other ways round.
Korea is a wonderful country and it has become very popular lately
Oh point holder user for eligible future rewards ️??
Deadline is September 15th?
By reviewing the project and the roadmap, it will be easier for me to track events and understand which stages are important and which will show the project’s path in practical terms.
oh ok ok, so you are busy girl, I like busy girls
Otherwise u will lose it buddy stay alert and focussed
how to get 1000 Point graph ??
Sweet dreams buddy, see you tomorrow
My friend, do your best. Interact with others. Research the project and share your research with others. Vote. Do the daily task. Be hopeful.
They say you need to leave just helpful info in your reply or posts reply with good information not spam or something stupid
Yes, I am a Korean citizen. It is hot even in the early morning.
It's been a long time coming. We all will be. I believe it.
where are you going mate? Youve done 20 ,sgs?
join voice han...why u didnt using that lol
Of course, it's a lot, but I'll try to take as much as possible.
have 2 day, guest me?
Yes, we will all have to work a little harder for this.
But it needs to be preserved.
That project did us dirty  Let's be hopeful on this lol
Yeah buddy you need to keep it by being active
I had a lot of work today and for about a couple of hours I will also disappear while I do everything
That's the spirit Keep grinding
Yeah bro u have to grab 1000 points to keep it
how u know?? its now one now about that
I recently learned that I need to keep my role.
Let's grind together
I'm working, and what are you doing?
All good but i go to sleep see your tommorow
Best reward or chiller
absolutely, hope they enjoy it here too
I saw it, i mean how many do you manage to get?
You have it around fren
Ok men that’s what I’m going to do. I don’t want to be left out of the game.
Absolutely. We will also get to know the project more closely.
what do you mean, you have already OG role here
You need to do this on your computer and type in the search for messages from me and then you will see my messages.
Let's not get too ahead of ourselves
Yes be active
That's great..thanks for this kind information
I never got an OG role.(
Good evening mate, what are you doing?
Yeah, it’s me  Glad to see you here too all good?
you can check it by the way in
Yeah.. More like if u can hold and keep your role, as that could open the doors to something exciting
Nice break down.
Yeah, welcome to all the new folks, glad to have you here
Let the server crash, that's good talking point for investors na
yes? what did you do? Mine was pretty calm. did irl stuff today at home
Yep bro you need to check in every day
Why I no go remember my guy for humanity
Good evening have a nice day keep it up
Be active and consistent
Crazy day as always , u?
A system that will be accessible to those who work will be valuable for this
10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts
for now it is 5 daily, 10 massages, already 15 or more
Yeah, i totally agree. It is hard, but not too hard when u think about it. We can all pull it off
Good evening everyone
How do I can check messages progress ?
yeah..but some how we dont know how much point giving for that engage
they will Maybe they just the server to be very busy
Soon we can save our OGs roles
Its limited time we need keep going with flow
i am fine, what about you
Oh point holder user for eligible future rewards ️??
big shoutout to all the new peeps
all information here mate
Be active and consistent It's very possible.
Oga Clinton, hope you remember me?
Good evening mate
Around 23 days left before 15th September
How many do you get per day?
Ohh Yana tou here too nice to meet
I am good too tnx. How was your day Yana?
I browse and use translation to convey the information because I don’t speak English well. Any term you don’t understand, you can just look up and grasp how the technology works and the solutions it provides. I think this is better than talking into the void.
Oh daily maximum point collect
I think it is for 28days or so, but slightly less than a month i think. Is that gonna be a challenge?
True, once engaging tasks start it should give more points, for now it’s mostly just regular chat activity
I think everyone can complete it. We need to continue without delay.
Yeah, waiting on those extra tasks
for sure, can’t rush these things, ya know?
Haha, okay, thanks I’m absolutely good wbu?
Good evening mate How are you doing
This way I get fewer points per day.
check there are instructions on how to earn it
lets hope we can touch that 1k point before event ended
check announcement in
Can you explain more, my friend? 10 points for chat + 10 points for two votes + 5 points for daily task. Total is 25 points. How about 30 points?
Good evening fam
You are welcome! If you have some questions - ask us!
Yh.. It is almost 30days but not exactly 30days. Either way, i know we gonna make it
Hehe it's by the way how many points you have
Point campaign how many days. ??
Sounds cool, would love to see it in action too.
yeah,,,just wait for another event if u want it
check announcement in
yess broo i’m waiting too
Thanks mate I will check
But what is to be desired? is it possible to earn more points for 20+ posts?
This will be exciting, I hope we can complete it
yes, 25 days let's say, just take 50 point per day it will be enough
ahahah I get it, nothing new then. How are you doing?
how to earn points
greats, u best weather detector
Yes that's true It's not upto 30 days
Drink some vine and go to sleep hahahah
but engaging still not starting..that will give more point
Check to catch up
Not yet keep following announcement
I'm drink tea, and you
You need to drink some coffee  or tea
You need to earn 1000 points by September 15th. It's not 30 days, friends, there is less time.
yeah, just gotta hang tight and wait, right?
I know, I'm just saying the team should git moving lol
it depends on how long you haven't be here
It's already night for me, I just want a snack.
like i said..u can reach 30 for a days that point
How are you
So many(( but im okay and want to sleep
You can check this in task center , press profile
What new here? I miss anything?
h ey mate how are you doing? how was your day?
Thats great I'm from India I guess it's mid night there also
Why so small amount?
If we get 25 points a day, that would be a total of 625 points. Surely there will be several community calls by then. Also Twitter tasks.
its wil take more time for next event mate...
is it your first day of farming points here?
You have a lot of work today?
Ok thanks sir
How do you check it buddy?
Optimum does not change the underlying protocol of any blockchain; instead, it adds a high-performance decentralized layer for data transmission and storage, making it compatible with any network that wants to improve its speed and efficiency.
i am indonesia, about u ?
can’t wait for the next event
Hopefully some engage tasks soon because thats not going to be enough
hey konnopqq, how are you sir?
Coin flipping can be done without taking too much risk.
daily check 5 points, voting 5 points
Seems I have only 20 point(((
Yes buddy where are you from
Tell me how you are doing, what's the news, what good things happened?
no announcement is given my team or project maybe comming soon in future
I have only 30 till today, how much you have ?
10 from messages 5 daily claim 10 votes (2 in 24hrs
So tired and want sleep and you my bro
no official onfirmation about testnet yet, stay tuned
Yeah more task will come according to the announcement the team dropped we will have community call, Tweeter engagement and hopefully some other task too will follow suit
u can reach 30 for a day...if u complate all task that
Oh! U also here my man! How are U?
We earn more when it comes to engagement
When Testent launch. ??
Thats delicious my side it's mid night where are you from
yaa same here mate, i wish good weather everyday
lmao TGE? we just started you asking about tge lol
Chat with friends. Talk about the project. Vote. Bet. Complete daily tasks. Help others. Learn and share with others.
will do it buddy
How many do you have mate?
We only have about 25 days left, not much...
do you have any thoughts on how to get them, other than flipping?
i feel sleepy since 12.20 but i still wirtten msges guys give me shout out
too much daily for real
yeah keep and hold OG role, dont let loss OG role
25 pts its too big per day
Still 20 points oh my god, why so hard
When TGE. Sir
why are you gambling, I don't understand those people
Yeah, few days ago see announcement, so try to catch 1000 points
do you understand what you are saying
what you do
It was good weather I enjoyed it a lot what about you
keep going, need at least 50 points every day
I'm also resting now, I'll chat and go eat some boiled corn
25 points multiplied by 29 days is not upto 1000, we need more tasks
Fear of losing by playing coin flip but still wanting to play
good hear like that mate,
everyday i am a sleep 7h mate, its very bad long sleep
we are all here buddy
Sounds interesting I guess lol
check announcement in and you will know
yup brother ... how can i not grind have to keep mu og role with me
Yoo my friend, you are here too, I am fine, and how are you?
Thank you, dear, I will try to be active.
These innovations are not just marketing talk, but an actual phenomenon being tested and deployed, with clear technical support from the team and the technical community.
Good evening I'm going just chillin here what about you
Check the task center channel
Ah think so
Need to check this after few msgs
I 30 point collect
just dont for gambling...its will take all off your point lol
Absolutely. It was a pleasure to be there from day one and follow the developments.
how can i earn points
yes mate, how about weather today ?
so it should be a bot, it counts every 20 messages i guess
Be hopeful. Other tasks will be activated soon. There is a month left until the deadline. It seems we will earn the necessary points by then.
Good evening my dear friend How are you? In this chat
your welcome mate, just active dont forget grind your point
yeah in points-check /profile
Will optimum be integrated into blockchains or still external calls?
Ayo! Mate! How are U? Everything good?
That's not happening man believe in urself that we will all keep it
Daily rewards from engage. Daily vote daily be active sir
yeah yeah lol, I am waiting for X engagement too. need more points
that what we wait for engaging...its will have much helping i think
How many points earned today?
What do you think, put all the points earned today in the casino?
Try gamble and you zero or hero
pretty good, had some sleep finally
Yooo guys , any new news ?
If I right understand, I can check this in task center after 20 msgs?
yeah maybe i also hope this this project goona be good in future
yes mate, i am everyday active but only on night
How to maximum point collect. ?
ok... will do so
It would also be great for project interaction.
Wen twitter engage tasks because at this rate, we are all losing our roles lol
Really then it's your style keep it going
Something went wrong?
I think so for me too
I hope you know what you're writing about.
easy day mate, how about u mate ?
And how many OGS do we have here now?
Real-time updates and lower latency making Web3 games much closer to the responsiveness of traditional Web2 games.
Hahaha. I was trying to get more points and at the end I had lesser points now. I regret doing that. Gamble is bad.
yeah you are right, there are no X engagement for now
Point holder get native token. ??
Yes, it is not active but will be soon.
Ok navigate to the use /vote press enter from your key board and follow the instructions is very simple register with ur discord an vote . Do that every 12 hours for 5 point each then check in daily for 5 point
night, buddy. Did you know that Optimum technology reduces the amount of internet needed for blockchains, saves costs, and makes networks more environmentally friendly for everyone?
how is everyone!
Good night to all wanna sleep now see your all tommorow
I got it mate, on 10 points more in my profile
its still not start for now...we chatting for keeping our og for now
Thats good for you mate I'm doing here
yeah sure, i'm waiting to do this tasks
no, i just active on night mate
will wait ...thanks
How to check point
are you from ru or ukr community?
I think engage is not active at the moment.
I wish there could have made another tasks for onchian transactions , I would have been glad. Chatting is hard for me.
so no one knows will wait for the response
I think I have achieved the 10 points for the day from 20 meaningful messages
I know what you mean mate! He-he Where we can check earned points for grind?
Coin flip’s a curse, better not mess with it haha.
follow chanel Engergaly
I don't quite understand how to vote, can you help me
gd night buddy ...have u completed the tsks
night fam, how are you doing? how was your day?
Have a good rest see you tomorrow mate
better waiting announcements sir, because mod dont know too haha
Stop gambling perito stop gambling!
please see this section and /profile
urwell mate...we can push more for chatting for now
- /profile - edit profile
when will the twitter engage will be live
everything's fine today.
Yes, it would be great to see concrete developments.
Who has won in the games. I lost my points that I managed to gather  I’m super sad.
Now og is at risk let's see I get or not
Yeah I guess so, but they could have done these through other means
twitter engange not yet live for now mate, just wait announcements
Okay, thank you
Alright, let’s type a bit, just for the daily grind
yes it is
just using /profile....u can now how much point u got
It's already ended mate let's see any chance
how to twitter account link ?
That's all you can do for now, my friend. There will be new updates in the future to make it more active. For now, focus on the interaction here.
Thank you very much.
im from indonesia mate
How was yours day ? Everything fine?
They thought it through well. They would also add activity to the channel.
Yeah let me just remind you that nothing good comes easily you just have to try ur best and leave the rest more tasks will come that will be easier like attending community call Tweeter post engagement
I think he is a bot, check history
Please, how will ah know that ah have achieved the 10 points from 20 meaningful messages for the day?
My day is pretty good, how about you?
But how exactly will blockchain games benefit?
Hahahaha. Thanks mate. And you where are you from my friend. ?
yeah everyday i walk 10km ...it keeps fit and healthy
no more og sharing now...its already ended mate
when we are waiting for announcements, give us the alpha
Hm lets send it to team hope for best
Go here Type profile good luck bro
yeah of course. you need to count every massage lol
How to get og
You need to point check and use /profire comand
wow brazil? im fans ronaldo nazario and roberto carlos thats good football player in the world
That's the question I wanted to ask now self.
Nothing for now, they want to filter the Og roles first
OG only campaign
What are you actively doing other than discort friends
Does this have to be 15 chats, sir?
Yes let's hope for best we will work hard here
great fam, do you like to have a walk? I like it too
that's some great information buddy keep them coming
u need og for access that..if no og u didnt need that
how was your day
Oh mate! Nice to see U here! Im just back to PC 
How to check points
That's perfect, how many messages have you sent today?
What else is there to do for optimum other than maintaining the OG role
we'll see haha
just take a break, friend
good to know that fam, have a good chat here
keep up the confidence brother u will soon achieve
Practical examples of applications that benefit from Optimum across different networks: Blockchain games Decentralized finance (DeFi On-chain artificial intelligence General Web3 applications
Try to interact with others here. Learn more about the project. And also share what you have learned with others.
about what this second chance mate??
Ok mate , so how are you doing and where are you from mate. I am from Brazil.
Okay, come visit us more often
I don't understand how we vote
Where to check points.
But who gives 10 pints? a bot? or team?
Lol r u sure
To be frank I'll advise you stop flipping, it's too risky...
Wow this is lovely
Yeah It's just sarcasm bro Obviously they know what they are doing
I am good thanks fam. new? nothing just chilling here
just try for push mor chat more like 15 char??
no second chances!!
Here is almost 12:12am but I am still active
All right, mate, thank you.
Yes bro that is called gamble totally dependent on luck buddy .
i just 29 point. how much ypu have guys?
How are you all? I'm new here.
Ok mate, you are welcome. I think we can also chat and talk about other things and get friendly too.
doing fine buddy... day is going great and a nice little walk
Yes I'm high let's contribution on here
phsx, glad to see you! How’s it going, bro?
I don't think we should panic. They understand the situation and will come up with something for us.
Welcome mate we are always there for each other team members
good mate, how are you doing? whats new?
You check in You vote every 12 hours And you chat here in general 15 characters per chat
its so tired for find any topic for chatting
guys how are you doing, how is your day?
What are you doing about Optimum?
right now its bugged, maybe couple of og willl remain, like kaito leader board only
yes sir thanks for supporting
Then let us show how willing we are
And don't forget to give second chance
Yeah mate.... And do 20-30 msgs everyday.... And check ur points.... From doing ur task and after
Number of messages, for example, I'm very tired now, but I must not lose my role
Ok thanks for the info
Thanks mate. That’s cool. Here everyone is just super busy trying to talk without answering.
that's the spirit brother keep going
yeah yeah, also will be X engage. But it is no engage with X for now
Yeah They really need to before I start panicking
Yeah buddy great chance for the Optimum og role holders
If they detect it as a bot, yes it will happen. Try to read about the project and share it with others in your own language.
guess typing go go here doesn't mean anything
what plan for chatting now...i just didnt have any idea
Well, I hope they add Twitter engagement and something else to get the rest.
Yeah, projects aren't joking with Discord members these days
nice plan i like it
I will not give up last moment we will get another chance
no you can just chill here and have a conversation like me with you
It’s just to maybe answer other memeber and support anyone.
consistency is the key to success
She is a mongrel bro. A common mongrel mixed with a shepherd but it is a part of me a part of my soul
How is it difficult just say ur challenge let me understand you Better ok
thanku perito brother for your knowledge man
lets see how many people will stay
Its for engage points, right?
Bro team will check it and members too if someone is spamming u can be reported also
thats the plan
got it, thanks bro
let keep try my best, dont give up
Ok thanks mate, We'll make sure it's at least 15 characters?
Many people will probably be eliminated and the role will become valuable
Really? How do I get these massages ‍️
Definitely bro we have to be consistent to achieve  ️
Consistency is key
How the team check it? do you know?
Are those twenty messages only relation to answering other members and explaining the project ?
yeah, just consitency and grow up mate
you can get 25 points perday, lets say there is 30 days to 15sep then 750 points and purge , rip
Don't you think it's difficult to collect daily points?
Lets keep your og & keep active here
Nice one what's the breed
thats a truth nowadays in crypto twitter work hard and the project doesn't value your time and work
Hey everyone! Hope U feel good!
how to vote i dont know where can i find
oh guys, we are sitting here so friendly, it’s really joyful that there are so many people with whom you can have interesting conversations
How to check how many points I have all total
Meaningful means bro u have to ask and tell other people's the doubts and solutions or talk about project
Consistency is the key to success
The last time I tried that, the banned me for 24hrs for spamming
just read the mate, there is all information
Im very tired from this all bro( need to long rest. But i dont have time for this
15+ charaters per massage. 20 massages gives 10 points
If you send 20 meaningful messages, you will automatically receive points.
I understand, but this is not the answer I expected.
You didn't include flipping lol
What do you mean 20 mate. What information
No any cmd mate.... U can search ur msgs only.... And do 15 word 15 msgs in every msgs
What challenging buddy let's hear it if we can help scale through
Yup buddy very well explained totally agree with the words
Send 20 messages that have 15 words. Of course, they should have a quality meaning. For example, tell about the features of the project.
yes but mine lives with me in the apartment I took him from a shelter a normal dog. but such a dog should live in a private house there it will be better for him
There are projects where you give it your all, and in the end, they screw you over. I’m tired of that, so now I’ll just roll up where everything’s already set.
everything is important, if you know how to adjust it
Just type and earn 20 meaningful.chats here and u can get 10 points for that buddy
Just chatting in the chat room will help, or go to the announcements section, where you will find all the information you need.
you can vote in ⁠│points-check , get points in ⁠│task-center and every 20 massages with 15+ characters will get 10 points per day
Thank you bro. Keep building together mate hopefully you will ⁶h
And together we will all cross the bridge
I wonder if we can fill in the points section because it is a bit challenging, what do you think?
Got it mate
Here is the breakdown: 5 pts - daily check-in 10 pts - messages 10 pts- voting (collect it every 12 hrs
use /vote u will get voting link.... Vote.. and get points every 12 hours
how can i earn points from msg
thanks mate.... i hope the same for u 2
Is there any enquiry command about this?
Really, that's nice I am looking forward to get one for myself I really love dogs
Maybe u can be lucky today but can also be unlucky tomorrow so stay cautious
We still have to wait for the common market.
Go to and type / vote
Hhah default crypto last months im only lost the money…
someone says 20 what is truth please give me real and authentic knowledge
of course. action equals power. power equals team. that's all we have
why, we still have time
Yes bro that is called gamble totally dependent on luck buddy .
Please anyone tell me points earning criteria
You can earn up to 35 points per day
no problem, all good things will come to you
I lose every time
I don’t like working, I just love showing up where everything’s already set up and grabbing my 5 cents
where to vote to get points?
Let’s go! Being an OG requires adventure and challenge. Only a few days left — collect the points and don’t stop. Good luck to everyone!
U can see ur msgess from search icon and filter date and send from.. and search ur username
Today I went for a walk with my dog, it wasn't raining, but halfway there it started. It was unexpected, but the dog likes the rain
Use and gamble the points very wisely bro it takes lot if hardwork to earn those
Yeah the really one will pass and the weak will fall but I strongly believe bwe will all pass to the next level
i don't gamble it's luck today i won maybe tommorrow i lose
15+ characters, mate
how could you miss that
Guys how to maximum points here
peaple are melting away, no commitment
bro, how are you, how is your day?
please some tell me how many characters needed for best message
But don't be overconfident you may loose some also
Only 15 points sir im so close to lost my OG xD
Daily claim Reward from here and then do vote once in every 12hr by here and type /vote and go to top.gg
let's see what happens doing my best
Mine was awesome I had a good rest through today and to crown it all there was a rain fall
Thanks for the compliment bro I am glad this helps you my friend
Great bro u are profile in gamble then
Can we control how many messages we send? Is the number of characters important?
Please check it and tell me, just interesting
I missed everyday... Everyday i am doing 1 vote everyday
aptly said bro it's teamwork and in a team the weak links usually fall off
I honestly just want to see some dope eth scaling here
ok... thanks for the info much needed
Just stay positive we can easily complete them , hold tight
About to miss my second vote of the day
i started today bro
Ohhh yes.... Sry i forgot  and i m doing 1 vote everyday that's why
20 messages and minimum 15 characters
With the way we are all vibing and going together we will decode and it will be a win win for us all
The tasks are are not hard but still need full dedication
Yo bro. Just some quests for activity
Optimum provides what blockchains are missing today: a high-performance decentralized memory layer that makes networks faster and more efficient without sacrificing decentralization.
yes, exactly active. there were more people in the chat than yesterday
Your explanation was very complete my friend. I would only add that useful information from the project should be shared, as you did.
You have really tried to accumulate 50 points from yesterday till today
don't lose all your points while doing coinflip
Press F to pay respect xD
Yeah that's a good point system
Vote 5 points each time, and 12 hours apart
Goodevening ghose I'm doing great man How are contributing here man
it was fine hbu?
Votes give you 5 points but you can vote in 12 hours so you can earn 10 points in 24 hours bro
Everything is great bro, I just came home after a hard day and sat down to chat
I completely agree with you and shake your hand
where to vote bro?? and Yeah we can do this in night also from tomorrow.
Flash the man  your highly welcome how was ur day?
got 5 points only don't know
There will be a testnet for optimum?
Need to check this bro i think i get but dont sure
choose your side of coin, and then type your bet
Yoyo Optimum crew. Any news here?
that's acceptable, because the game is always like that
fewer what? active users?
No bro still waiting for an update from the team which tweet is eligible for the points
Vote 10 points or 5 points?
bro i lost
Yeah it will be an interesting game though but there will always be a way to decode the tricks in it
What exactly do we have to do pls ???
Everyday you chilling man need to work
yes friend, we use only english here, btw did you get 10 points for 20 messages?
i just did coinflip with 10 points and got 30 points
of course. this is the first thing i do when i look at projects, what i pay attention to
Yes daily check-in 5 points Daily 20 messages - 10 points Daily vote 10 points And waiting for twitter task/ ama Personally I complete my messages at night around this time
zzup Optimum fam. How r u doing?
In traditional blockchain, when nodes want to validate a transaction or produce a block, they have to read the network state from the hard drive or a local database. This process is very slow compared to using memory (RAM, causing latency and delays. The solution lies in DeRAM technology.
Only english in the general chat please!
Me too bro but i have not lose hope I have only 5 points remaining
i think there are no twitter tasks as of now
you're following them at x?
Most of me also invest in ETH, it's solid
Oh he lost ? Really for hime I said it here it's a risky game of luck you might get ×3 or you loss everything and start a fresh
Lying on the couch, watching a movie, all chill XD
It seems like there are fewer people, no one notices? There were more a couple of days ago
Have you been able to do any Twitter task
Oh sorry to hear that, you can use your points for tomorrow to try again
I lone vitalik. Vitalik love me hahahah
great, how's yours?
Active means engage regularly with the community and help everyone here
And I'm not good with game of luck
You still have good amount bro, I have 10 only but I will be consistent here form tomorrow. Lets do toegtehr
Ohhhh vitalik is going to love you sooooo much
Good afternoon, arriving to focus on OG Dora and up
the game is always interesting and we really have no choice but to wait for it
So hard day bro((( im very tired. What about you?
And that’s true too, maybe it would actually be the right move.
How are you doing guys
Good afternoon guys, how is your day?
why can they ban? Is there a place to read the rules?
Which tweets do you have to respond to in order to earn points?
My condolences to you but FLIP game is a game of luck
Yes good criteria for OG as many holders have Og role , this criteria will eliminate many
what language is this ?!?
Not late I just started yesterday I have 50 right now and my work is completed for today
Be active here. Interact with others. Help others. Share project information with others. Vote. Do daily tasks. Participate in community calls.
how’s it going my friend?
i cant give up even i feel sleepy
Haha let's be hopeful about this one
Me too bro but im believer Ethereum
Hmmm maybe let's just wait and see what the team will come up with just maybe there will be a little game to decide
That's may be correct bro just be on fire
Not about being trendy. i think its the only way to shut out sybils properly
Yes my bro from nigerian channel to optimum hope this we will not get disappointed hehe
You can just give up man...
I will give 30 per/cent hihihi
Irina there are really a lot of projects and few of them are good but for some reason I am confident about this one - it inspires confidence
Lost another 2points
testnet coming soon man, things are just getting startedv
I saw you yesterday, at moose chat I remember everything good and don't see at my X to many times
Maybe, I think they’ll make it OG-only access, like what’s trendy right now.
I am also here for the same purpose but I got late here. How many points do you have??
im loss my point on coinflip
Yeah its the safest option for me  you know cause i am bad at trading
Looks like you need to reply AND react to earn 5 points once a day
I pray for you my omni bro hehe don't forget us I want 25 percent cut in that bro
how can i earn 1000 points
Hey samstar, it's been a while.
I'm honestly trying, but I don't have the strength to deal with all this anymore (((
well you never know bro maybe there will be some new information there bro
i hope optimum is difffrent from others roject whiach was currently doing in market
Ira, you've been saying goodbye for a long time, but you're still here
All rewards from optimum you buy btc???
I got 25 points, I think everyone did.
Your welcome buddy just keep and eye on the so you won't miss it when it kicks off
I know and I hope its a gated testnet btw not a fan of public testnets
Shubh bro very happy to meet you too I'm all good just protect my og hehe wbu bro it's been a very long time ️
I am going to buy bitcoin after optimum reward ... Pray for us
Bro work hard you can get more soon , just don't loose hope
I'm doing coin flips everyday, my goal is to earn extra 10 points a day with it
Chat only OGs ahahah only verified users, where ar y?
I hope now to many projects, but no to many good
There were no announcements about this all waiting waiting.
and who knows, is the limit on messages still 20 pieces per day? I mean, to get points for them
LoLs it's not going to be different from all other post my friend
Wen optimum community on X?
I only got 20 points today, I still need to figure all this out How are your results?
You need it man no og- no rewards you know it
Yeah that's what we want bro together and better for the community
There are really important things coming up with Optimum in the future. It’s backed by big investors like 1kx, showing that experts believe in its potential to change blockchain technology.
I rarely see you there, do you not like moose at all?
samstar bro its so goood to see you here broo. how are you??
Fast and reliable no lagging
I wish it would happen soon. I wonder what kind of posts will be there and how they will differ from the usual ones.
Haha memecoin super risky Ethereum is best recently performed very well let's hope it will sustain
you can type /profile in
Older man in here hahah dont wanna lost my og
no problem, how many points did you earn today?
That kinda risk
Not yet, but I plan to if I'm kept og. I see you have a strong infl in x
I know it's fun
no no no i dont want
bro, and type /profile
I am grinding hard wish I reach there soon
Yeah you are right man optimum is like a Turbo in car raising
I wonder how many oldies will turn out to be real OGs
Where can I see my rating, xp?
Waiting for you bro you need me come to speak about project
I am sure that the future lies in such projects, bro, be sure of it
Yes actually i think i should have to invest in trump coin or melonia coin  hehe
We'll get there someday.
No, we met in another place, where the moose roam
Yeah definitely bro we will make the community strong and helpful let's work together
Great buddy keep it up we all are here
Optimum does not change the underlying protocol of any blockchain; instead, it adds a high-performance decentralized layer for data transmission and storage, making it compatible with any network that wants to improve its speed and efficiency.
Okay I got it thanks for your response. it will really helpful for do the task with proper manner...
not yet, we are still waiting
Yeah that's the point optimum is for everyone
It was not open in the first place we await the teams announcement on that aspect
anyone here got points for the 20 messages?
So many old guys here wassap all
this great project
no one knows when posts will start appearing in the twitter - engage ?
try again I'm sure you will win once
Optimum is one of the few projects I’ve seen that keeps delivering solid progress
Don't cry bro I am with you in this my trade also in loss let's hope the market starts recovery soon
Engage with twit's = upto 15 points
Okay need to grind hard and make the community stronger
Yeah I already did have you also posted yet or not
I no brother, but I know about it
Yes, that's what I thought. Thank you, we'll keep trying.
Well done. I'm only thinking about optimum right now. Because optimum is great for gamers, making blockchain games faster and more fun with less waiting time for actions.
to be honest, i don't know what can i tell you
Oh is that so yes I have read that it must be quality messages
Wen public testnet? I think thats something to look forward to
let's go for 50 points per day
Am always here man anytime any day
Have already lost 4points to betflip
Have you posted about Optimus in X?
yes and each message must be at least 15 characters
bro its bot or ai it's really possible
You need to send a minimum of 20 messages daily for 10 points not 20 times bro
only with bot i guess, not manualy
oh definitely bro. I'm interested in everything but of course it would be better if someone told me
Guys, will there be rewards in points for posts in x?
I can remind you I've been here since the very first day, we've probably seen each other here Good evening
Okay chat became somewhat spammy again sigh
follow chanel . soon
Brotherly just keep vibing with the community take ur mind out of the point I will get before you know boom you are there
or do certain words influence this?
And my portfolio is becoming reddish ️ and i am crying
its closed ?
Thanks buddy hope u will be there tomorrow. Keep it up the positive vibes
This makes the project an attractive choice for anyone looking for higher performance and a better user experience.
Yes we will definitely protect our og badge together we are the real supporters
is that daily need to chat 20 times are what for get the 10 points please clarify
Well brother, what can I say, you need to show concern now and in the future
Exactly. Thanks for the helpful information. I'll add this: Developers love Optimum because it makes building apps cheaper and faster and allows them to create better experiences for users.
bro its bot or ai it's really possible
Awesome I’m with you! Let’s team up and make this happen Looking forward to working together
go ahead friend, if you find something interesting tell us
Yes bro go read it wisely
do we need to text more than 15 words ?
Just believe in your self you will get to the top before you know it
The market is looking bearish after the fomc minutes update
you need to do it again to save your og
but here are a lot of messages how it possible?
Hey Yeah, Optimum’s versatility is awesome working seamlessly with blockchains like Ethereum and Solana means tons of projects can boost their performance easily. What projects are you thinking about?
Maybe its my brother I only 2 days in crypto
I don't know
I need to go read the technical documentation again
That's perfectly balanced, hope I get there soon
yes i think bot check your context of your message and choose give oints you or no
I've seen you somewhere before too, I wish I could remember where
If you chat correctly you will get 10 points daily
It doesn’t just mean a better user experience, but also opens the door for more innovation and expansion. In other words, Optimum gives DeFi the same smoothness we see in Web2 applications, but with the power of security and decentralization.
I'm also 70, and I'm suggesting the same thing - let's work together
Yeah, buddy. What's up? optimum It works with any blockchain, like Ethereum or Solana, so many projects can use it to improve performance easily.
I made content here 4 months ago
I think yes, but i'm not sure about this
I've definitely seen you somewhere, your face looks very familiar to me
Well I dnt but I engage on all their posts once it drops
increases speed to what? any idea?
What's the point if there's a restriction here, or has it already been removed for chat?
Guys, what exactly is the project aimed at besides the main direction? Has anyone asked this question?
Take a good rest bro good night sweet dreams see you tomorrow with fresh energy
Sounds like a plan Congrats on those 10 points today rest up and catch you tomorrow. Have a good one
If you are unlucky, you can play FLIP game.
Yeah that's the spirit keep going you will get there and all of us will get there
Yeah I can understand it is difficult btw you are from which country bro
U have great knowledge bro keep it up , perfectly written
Yes I will do may be any mind game there
I must write more
Thank you all, I'm off now. Good luck to you all.
its work bro...just i use same command
Great to have you there in between the whole audience
Mate firstly you have to claim your daily points from here and then vote here every 12 hr in once here and type /vote
100% it's much more pleasant to speak in your own language, and it's easier to understand the other person. Otherwise, I use a translator.
Did you know? Optimum helps blockchain applications like DeFi perform better by increasing transaction speeds and reducing costs for users and developers.
I just tired and will go to sleep right now
Did you get credit for your posts? I didn't, although I've already written 20.
Check in daily , earn 10 points daily by chatting in general, vote daily for 5 point and interaction with optimum tweets
Let’s stick with Optimum and be part of those who try it out and see the promises it delivers in reality.
I think I've reached 20 points.
Are you going to sleep?
But in between try to engage on their Tweeter post
I don't know honestly
Nah just chilling here too
Thank you for talking I ll come tomorrow have nice evening
Thanks for the clarification buddy , u saved me ️
Are you Korean? It's dawn here too.
the mission has not yet begun
It's simple just vote eagerly bot
its not a problem buddy
It's already late at night here.
Saw it mate, huge thanks, do you know how they give 10 point for 20 sms here?
Someone please tell me how to earn points, I am not able to understand
This didn't work. Why did I get an error? Is there another way?
Yeah we are all waiting for that two which will come soon
how to earn more points?
Oh ok.i got it , i think so that maybe there are limits but no there are not
You can get 15 everyday - 5 for check- in and 10 for voting
I donno how this voting points work Trying every possible way
I also don't know about this my friend that's why sorry  about this
Thank you see you soon have nice evening
Yes it will be super easy plus more fun and interesting to vibe with your own community
Bro spalilsa, sht happens
Yes I'm also wating for tw task and ama task
20 points for interaction with optimum twitter post okay now i get it
Bro but the twitter interaction posts are not live yet but I am waiting eagerly for that
Let's go but I ll come tomorrow, today I earn 10 have nice evening
and you cant give me hint
Waiting is part of it далее
I voted and no points received!
Well done, okay, goodbye and good night, we'll pick up the points slowly tomorrow too.
Yeah there are some words that are banned from the server to prevent spamming my friend
We're waiting on twitter posts
If there are regional channels, make it easier
Yes maybe there is a limit buddy , guess
we can do more bro 10 points - for every 20 SMS in the general chat 5 points - for check-in 10 points - who joins the calls and stays until the end 20 points - interactions in Twitter posts.
Yes there is you can earn maximum 10 points through chatting daily
What is utility of point?
Yes it's ten only by chat let's try it
I earn today 10 and have 10 it was 4 months ago
ohkk my brother
and command ./profile without dot
I'm not arguing, I'm just stating my opinion.
Is there a daily limit on XP earned through chatting?
Yeah me too waiting for the regional community it will be super awesome
I have 70 let's work together and earn points also contribute together
we can eran 5 point every 12 hours, i have just cheked it
i get luck one time, i think im not luck anymore haha
Yes it's team decision let's follow mate
Gamble is sense of life
how to check points?
It one of the task we need to do to maintain the OG role
Oh, that's great news, it will be more convenient for me in the regional chat I hope it will be very soon.
Yes, our life no easy we can do everything I ll come tomorrow, I have 20 points,
good night bro see you soon
I also don't know about this because i also get timeout soo many times
No doubt it's super risky I always lose whenever I bet on my luck haha
Right bro, there’s no way, only luck
it's so fat 10-50 seconds for updates
I feel really bad. Why are there so many forbidden words?
Yes it's interests game let's try more
Good night fam sleepwell see you tomorrow with fresh energy bro
How long does it take for points to be updated?
i think it just like activity nothing more
You welcome my friend I am happy I could help out. Let's keep pushing we will get there hopefully
Oh my God, why are some words banned? Why be so strict?
Yeah there is a pain in my shoulder sooo much and it's difficult to hold mobile and write messages
gamble is very risky
coinflip rugged me xD
Thank you, it's ll great
I always lose games where everything depends on luck
Yes, it is unusual to communicate in English all the time, but you have to get used to it, it will come in handy, I'm glad to see you too.
good night fam sweet dreams  and see you tomorrow
Yes you are right omni characters means alphabet minimum 15 alphabet/characters required in each message
How many points do we spend in 1 play bro?
lol that is the flip lol
really? is this about the number of letters? haha, for some reason I thought about words
for what this voting?
Yes agree with you character should be enough
Ok man, I’ll gladly do that! Just head over to , use /vote, and follow the instructions that pop up. Register with your Discord and complete the voting super simple
So far, I've only scored 70 points in two days. How about you?
Sorry what about you? where are you from? how many times you here, at discord?
I think my time has come to vote i have to vote now ...
Really? I never gambled that’s why
Yeah you are right the team are trying to avoid Spamming
4-5 times bro but i also lost 2 times
we will have regional chats soon
Thank you so much. Will do that immediately
Take a good rest buddy yeah I can understand tetnus injection is a little bit difficult but don't worry you will be fine Tomorrow
I think they mean the number of words here so that the suggestions don't look like spam
How many times did you win bro?
number of letters bro. and also vote once in every 12 hours for 5 points here
Maybe, but there's still a chance that he'll lose everything too.
I'm good what about you mate
Ok man I will gladly do that just go to use /vote an follow the instructions that will pop up register with ur discord and do the voting very simple
15 characters meaning i think 15 alphabets total My friend
Can I guess where you’re from?
Yeah you are right just go with the flow and enjoy the vibe with the community
Maybe he might be busy to maintain the role
why not vitoo
i already tried bro. i currently have 145 points
how are you guys
Yeah i am pretty much tired  today i also inject a tetanus vaccine and its really hurts
OK, but is it the number of letters or the number of words?
No, now it's no good country 
got it, let's check
I've never done this myself, but I saw in the chat that they wrote up to 10 times every day
what is the benifit of og
Try gambling bro haha, maybe you’ll be lucky
you have to stay on topic and the message must be 15+ characters
Whats up fam
Of course Life is all about risk
I think as many you want you can play depends how many points you have bro
thanks for the chat good night
I think this is his second account he did something wrong on the first one
Can I vote on both sites every 12 hours or only on one?
In my opinion we don't have to count like message because we have give our best to this project
Yeah I will try again maybe leta
When ll be Ru chat? why no it here?
Why its confusing? What hurts you?
I checked his profile, and he only has 50 points here
Do you think they can set additional bonus conditions to get additional points?
the higher the risk higher the reward bro
Why bro, are you so anonymous
Its random mate but we need to count
The points system is a way for Those with OG role to prove they deserve it and a way to purge out inactive members with OG and bots
so how often we can flip?
Hospital you are okay bro ? You have done lots of stuff you must be tired
Direct me on how to do the voting ?
Its joke bro I have 55
They gave the role of OG to galaxy Quest, and now everyone is already
Good evening Alex how are you? have you too many points?
You welcome mate i am here for helping everyone ️... If you want to know anything just tag me
Yes it does 5 point
Are you counting 20 messages or continuing randomly?
Ok mate then chat with me i m here haha
Looks like he won gambling bro, that’s why he plays gambling
yes you can. just bet your points here and earn 3x if you win
i dont now bro, i dont now
What noi Just tested it with 2 coin
Haha, from this wanderful world I never said ask something other questions
Ohh that's sad fortunately I voted this morning now waiting for the second time
Your welcome friend I'm happy I could help to break it down to ur understanding
that's i know i miss check take for chat
Does voting give points too?
Yeah it was great I went to hospital today and then just do some house chores and then i am here
ok bro i'm going to sleep, good night
Thanks for the clarification. Now it's clearer. Otherwise I thought I did something wrong.
Bro, I've seen you somewhere before, don't you think?
can we get more than 50 points per day guys
congratulations bro! gamble more hehe
you make commands ande you see your poits i guess
Thanks bro, this really helps
Og role was given out on the optimum galxe quest which has ended but team hinted that it might not be the last OG campaign so stay tuned for . Hope this was helpful
Where are your 2k points, fren? There are only 50 here
10 points for every 20 substantial messages in ｜general (15+ characters about Optimum as a project or our recent updates. 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls and staying ‘til the end :TwitterX: Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets in ⁠️│twitter-engage (we’ll tell you which tweets qualify 5 points for checking in daily in ⁠│task-center
Yeah sometimes it will be lagging. Like today I have not voted I tried several times but couldn't
every day we are here fam. I want to chat with you.
but maybe they can open it in future
/ profile write here bro
You welcome my friend ️ i am also doing great here for helping each other
Where are you from bro?
I just remember every text message I write.
we all got this role in galaxy. now i don't even know how they distribute it. maybe they stopped
I just bet and i won
What about you fam how was your day gone I hope you enjoyed it
I ll not ask who is your family I understand
Can anyone tel about the point system in brief
OG cant be taken as far as I know
its not available now bro! stay tuned for future updates
The points system, sir, because it's very confusing.
yes mate keep going
One person can only vote once time in vote site mate
Thank you, now it's clear.
What’s that? do you know if there will be tomorrow?
I'm doing absolutely fine omni bro thanks for asking this mate
how to check points for chat daily? only all above?
Thank you I learning maybe in future
Check in is every 24 hours
that s nice to be here
How to get role OG sir?
I have a big family, they help me
does it count 2 sites for voting or only 1? can anyone tell me? because I didn't understand something
The team needs to take action tomorrow, kings.
nah its okay bro. i already won a few times
About what system did you speak?
Yes we can vote two times in a day by votes we can collect 10 points each day that's great
How does this works please?
Is check-in also every 12 hours? Or once a day?
Optimum just plugs in and instantly boosts performance and efficiency.
Tomorrow may be team make a good organization
Hey samstar how are you
Also check for better clarification so you know how to position your self w
Do you live here? didn't not sleep?
Just stay here bro, while learning English haha
Ooo bro, good Work, work, work
I hope tomorrow will be a better system, more organised.
Check the pinned SMS or Announcements, everything is written there
Totally! It’s great how new Bees can jump in and start earning with OptimumP2P so easily.
Thanks for the detailed information it's clear all my doubts bro ️
Vote in every 12 hours check in daily and contribute meaning by sending meaningful messages that concerns optimum
I wish there was a checker or counter
Yes, I us it, but it's no nice talking
markers differ in taste
Its easy bro I have 2340 points
I already have 70 points. Is this a good result?
Danil Alfa sup bro?
You can earn points on the optimum server simply by participating on the ongoing campaign on discord. You have earn 1000 points in total before end of events. Get full information on channel.
Exactly, there’s nothing more we can do than stay consistent and keep grinding.
I understand that, but I don't understand how the points will be checked.
yeah bro! i used the coin flip and lost
Have you ever won a coin flip?
yes true risks are needed but only calculated ones otherwise you can lose too much
I'm just banking on the miracle part, NGL
evey message we need to check points
i don't do that because of my religion
10 points for every 20 substantial messages in ｜general (15+ characters about Optimum as a project or our recent updates. 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls and staying ‘til the end :TwitterX: Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets in ⁠️│twitter-engage (we’ll tell you which tweets qualify 5 points for checking in daily in ⁠│task-center
I play with a coin, and I advise you to do the same, always bet on one side and a fixed number, you will always be in the plus
It’s tough, but with consistent daily check-ins, messages, and calls, you can reach 1000 points.
Later there will be a Twitter engage, just wait bro
you can get 10 points each day for chatting bro
You are rich I have just 10 points
yes. this is generally a super hard level. too difficult. either you have to risk or there will be a miracle
Through coin flipping I guess you are lucky
nothing we can do but earn points
So good result? How did you do that?
Check ser It’s there
At least 20 messages should trigger a notification, otherwise it gets very confusing.
The betflip is really a gamble and I ain't good with gambling
on coin flip bro. you can also bet your points here
how can i earn my points
Optimum just plugs in and unlocks more power
make tweets like kaito
Smooth bro, seems like it’s from the device
for every beast there is a bigger beast, I have 260 points
Common man dnt conclud just yet you can do it just have that determination and push believe in urself
COIN FLIP WILD CARD: Try your luck in ⁠│coin-flip – risk some points, maybe double them
Totally! Optimum removes old bottlenecks and lays the foundation for blockchains to scale like modern systems.Being part of this now means joining the next chapter of Web3 performance
How can we collect 1 point quickly? It's impossible to do so before time runs out.
how did you earn so a lot ?
U used the coin flip ?
How many points do you get a day from chatting here?
Good evening I'm so glad to see you here i don't know what to talk about here. I want to Ru chat. here no one looks at avatar at all
so just keep chatting here and get points
Absolutely It’s awesome to see how easy it is for new Bees to get started and earn with OptimumP2P
70, I think. How did you save so much?
and what should be done there? should I somehow interact with the publications? or something else?
on what ?
Optimum scales Web3 while letting builders keep moving fast
where can i vote to get five points ?
nothing more other than we can do.
We lose points if we lose, but if we win, the situation is different.
why are different covers the same for everyone
and how many points do you have?
And a very solid back up
I decided to never gamble bro
Staying close to optimum means being early to what most of Web3 will depend on in the next cycle not just talk about
voting stuck I think now
What are you talking about?
I wanna be OG forever..
I agree with you on 100 procents
i had 165 points. i just lost 20 points LOL
Same here! This guide is perfect for new Bees to jump in and start earning points with OptimumP2P
Yeah I only take calculated risky. Life is all about taking risk though but calculated ones pay off also stake what you can bear the lost
I use it, but my discord keeps crashing, do you too?
Someone said vote, but it's flip
Optimum is very nice project fam
not checking till its closer
How do you gamble bro? are the points being gambled from us or from the bot?
Wow, you're a beast, did you play the flip game?
Yes, I don’t understand at all whether I will be able to reach this goal or not
Mehn! Have made a rough calculation in my head. That 1000points would be very difficult to achieve
guys how many worth a tweet on
Be careful when playing coin flip, or you will lose all your points.
That's a lot too hehe
but everyone's right to a reward is different
staying hopeful and consistent is half the game
voting is giving 5 points?
That’s exactly why Optimum feels like the future By removing those old bottlenecks, it’s not just about speed today it’s about building a foundation where blockchains can finally scale like modern systems. Staying close to this project means being part of a new chapter for Web3 performance.
I’m also bad at English, but you can use translate
Chilim, let's continue our conversation in our chat room
That’s how you scale Web3 without slowing builders down
Who has already received how many points? I have only 260, I'm not far behind? And how many do you have?
I just lost 5 points
Yep bro  Fingers crossed. Let’s wait and see
Just do the needful an uluou will be surprised at how you will grow
people are different some like to take risks some dont
Vote to eagerly bot you will get it
Excited to see new Bees getting started! This guide makes it super easy to dive in and start earning with OptimumP2P.
Thank you You too bro
whole lot of hoping going around
Yep its my mistake 25 points per day
maybe its taking time to update. i think you should wait
Your welcome buddy
I voted and said somethng is wrong
How do you want to vote for your friend here?
Exactly! Optimum boosts performance across the stack without forcing developers to rewrite everything
It's very hard, because I don't know English well at ru chat I can 1k per day
I couldn't find out the score, I voted but it didn't work.
for voting you get only 5 points, if you vote 2 times a day then you get only 10. How do you get 35 points?
Yeah sure you can try it might turn into a miracle or testimony but I don't want to try It now that am beginning to get some small point
Did the team said anything about what will afted 15 september we will also have daily task or not ?
Check It’s a campaign to secure your OG role or lose it
Where are you from bro? what time is it there
I guess because you have a motorcycle avatar, everyone thinks you're a biker, like that.
Yes try and tell me what happened in game
This guide is perfect for every new Bee to get started and start earning points with Optimum
go here and use /flip command
That's cool I've already got 20 points
Every day 20 bro
thanks bro i will keep it safe like that
gmum bro have a nice day
Yes buddy hope for best let's wait now
Two days 55 points bro
where can i vote friend?
good evening welcome to the community
it sneaks up on you  Just stay consistent with check-ins, messages, and calls you’ll catch up and keep that OG role
use this command "/profile", here
what are you doing guys
yeah i also voted twice today
Yeahs once every 12 HOURS
Thank you no fine, no Ru chat, here hard for me, everybody say me brother
Optimum rewires the entire performance layer without forcing devs to change everything
yeah risk is always there but worth a try
You can if you believe but use only 2 point and only 5 time I think
where should i use /profile command?
No, only everyday 20 messages
Thanks buddy i am already doing it what about you?
ohh thanks to you right now I undestand everything
OptimumP2P + RLNC + DeRAM remove the usual blockchain bottlenecks faster data, less redundancy, instant memory access
good going bro. i have 145 points
Coin flipping do you have the mind to bear the lost of para venture you loss
Oh thanks man, but I know that, I'm just chatting. You hang out here too? You got a lot of points?
I have to wait 1 more hour bro for the second vote
ok I will do that now
Only 2 times mate after 12 hours
What about 20 message, I can write every day, or I can 1 day 10 other day 30?
Yes, once every 24hrs. Info was gotten from a mod on the optimum discord server. Keep your eyes peeled for notifications. Have a great day mate
just one time a 12 hours
Yeah thanks for guilde I think every new Bee needs this to get started with optimum
yes, the main thing is to be eligible for a reward
just visit here and use /vote
Same here! Fingers crossed.Hopefully AMA and Twitter tasks drop this week
Only 80 points so far, but we'll keep trying.
Go to point earn centre and type vote you will find
every 12 hour, then you can get 5 point
How does the coin flip work? Is anyone playing?
How many points do you guys have bro? do you never miss the daily task?
i did too also thinking to try coin flip what do you think should i
Voting is done every 12 hours I guess
i have voted twice bro
Mostly it’s daily check-ins, meaningful messages, and joining calls that stacks points reliably  No real shortcut, but staying consistent works best
35 per day easy /voite here 2 times for day 12 hours 10 points for every 20 substantial messages in ｜general (15+ characters about Optimum as a project or our recent updates. 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls and staying ‘til the end :TwitterX: Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets in ⁠️│twitter-engage (we’ll tell you which tweets qualify 5 points for checking in daily in ⁠│task-center
how can we vote fam?
Mehn! Ah didn't know of that og role keeping criterion too. I really need to put more efforts
i think yes because yes tag general chat
But urs look more cooler
How many times have you voted today?
There are other task go through the to see it for urself budy
yes but must be about optimum
Notification?, are you talking about the 10 points for 20 messages?. If so, yes ,you will be notified on the . Keep your eyes peeled on the optimum discord server
Yes I did this what about you mate share with us
We developed and deployed OptimumP2P, extending Gossipsub with RLNC, showing improved latency and delay compared to Gossipsub.
Optimum isn’t just a patch it powers the whole stack: fast, scalable, trustless, and seamless
Everyone has different criteria, time will tell
how many points do you guys have right now?
Check the information in the announcements
this looks so cool
i think yes
No ser use this command "/profile", here
just general messages counted?
chat more and do daily check in
Right, I thought it was in the team, turns out it’s a server booster
Agreed with you I'm enjoying here while earning points
Server boss i guess
It’s both! Points were originally for rewards, but for this campaign, they also determine if you keep your OG role so staying active matters
vote once in every 12 hours. you will get 5 points for each votes
just once a day or we can earn points ?
The key lies in combining OptimumP2P for efficient data propagation, RLNC to reduce loss and redundancy, and DeRAM to accelerate memory access. Together, these technologies remove the traditional bottleneck in blockchain.
Hahaha no just a booster
It very interesting but enjoyable
same hope it comes soon
I thought you were an admin again because of your color
Let's see I hope it will come very soon this week
Yeah buddy.. you know any faster ways to earn points rather than toss
Go to and use /profile
Keep going broo, until 20 haha
Will I receive a notification after receiving points?
That's where ah know I can get much points
What kind of people do you get 1,000 points in here too? I can't make 20 posts. What's up?
Optimum doesn’t patch the stack it powers it. Fast. Scalable. Trustless. Invisible
I make more then 15
Yes , you get 10 points for 20 messages on the channel on optimum server. But those twenty messages must be made up of not less than 15 characters and be in relation to the optimum project
twitter engage not started yet
For sure! Keeping the momentum is key AMA and Twitter tasks can’t come soon enough
Yes, if each sentence contains more than 15 characters.
I hope they come so we can collect points more easily.
Yes I did it now moving fast
get 10 points for 20 messags just once a day ?
How do I check my points?
Okay, ah thought as much
its my mistake sister how are you
this is of course yes, if the developers are not greedy
No i dont see engage posts
and task center check in
yes thats likely the reason
Optimum delivers Web3 with speed, scalability, and no compromises
yes that's it for the day
Okay, ah just wanted to be clear about it. Thank you
Thank you, my friend. I love you.
I no brother, I sister
Yes you are right just do it mate
lets hope for good.
get 10 points for 20 messags?
This combo boosts speed and efficiency, bringing Web3 experiences closer to Web2-level performance
Wait, have they dropped any today?
I never looked here engage, did you looked?
registered with the engage button does this normally use something different?
How to claim?. By participating on the ongoing camping. To retain your OG role, you must attain 1000 points before end of the campaign. Get more info on
We have proposed, implemented, and deployed a preliminary version of a new data propagation protocol called OptimumP2P, that extends the widely used Gossipsub protocol and incorporates RLNC at its core. We have compared OptimumP2P’s and Gossipsub’s performance in terms of latency and average delay.
You probably haven't voted or played Coin flip
Yes I did it I am waiting for more task
not open yet, idk when they will open that
Thanks my friend I wish you good luck on this way
nice you brother.
I know it hasn't arrived yet
Real support makes all the difference let’s push Optimum to the next level
I thought it's for allocation share? How's is it for keeping og role?
Chek-in and game, its easy
brooo how do I do my twitter tasks?
good evening fam how are you?
Don't be sad, there's still time
great result. what did you do to get 29 points? I haven't managed to get more than 25 yet
Waiting for new posts mate
Good evening, how are you?
what do you need bro ?
you are wright
How you earned this point bro
OptimumP2P boosts speed and scalability using RLNC, enabling large blocks and short slots without sacrificing decentralization or bandwidth efficiency
we have to be active here
How do I complete my Twitter tasks? Are there any tasks available right now?
how to claim 1000 point with role OG ?
All possible in our life’s
perfect mate thnx for that infp
Never sis, only English Use translator
I haven't seen any twitter post for engagement
Thank you, good info
Wow, i am 15
Yes I agree with you keep moving fast
You need 1000 points before the deadline to keep your OG role. Keep grinding daily and it’s totally doable
but its not possible 1k points
Haha, you'll help me now, won't you?
When ll be Ru chat here? I can't speak English
## All things MUMers should know ### How to earn pts? - Check in - 5 pts/day - Chat via meaningful messages - max 15 pts/day (messages +replies - Vote: and use /vote (12 hours/vote, up to 20 pts if you're lucky - : high risk high reward, it's up to you, I say NO ### Check pts: visit and use /profile ### Clean our space:  Report bots/farmers/copy-paste  ### Save OG role  Possible? Sure, work hard and discipline and AVOID GAMBLING 1️⃣ Messages+Vote+Checkin: max points/day: 30 points Total: 30x29 = 870 pts 2️⃣ Weekly Call: 4x10=40 pts (supposed 1 Call/Week 3️⃣ So we only need 5 tweets anymore but be sure we will have >5 tweets in 29 days REAL OGs= Contribution, kind, active NOT farming
they already timeout me today, i forgot what i say
I don't like taking risks, I'm a guarantee person
10points for every 20 substantial messages in ｜general (15+ characters about Optimum as a project or our recent updates. 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls and staying ‘til the end :TwitterX: Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets in ⁠️│twitter-engage (we’ll tell you which tweets qualify 5 points for checking in daily in ⁠│task-center
absolutely right luck and persistence are a good force when they are together
great! let's continue in the same spirit. hopefully ama and twitter tasks will arrive soon
Hah,or lose Who knows
probably as you say probably
Mostly just daily checkins, meaningful messages, and voting
thank for info mate. Keep my eyes peeled
gamblaing 5 ponits and grab 10extra
Yesterday I collected 29 points
ohhh, maybe then dont allow some words
good. keep moving
Optimum brings now to web3 at speed, at scale, and without compromise
sleeping but i have only 32points how i sleep
Thank you, I have just 10 points 4 months ago (
Thanks, I saw that
No worries, bro
bad bad bad I don't understand why it was deleted
This combination makes networks faster and more efficient, opening the door to Web3 experiences at a Web2 level.
OptimumP2P leverages RLNC, unlocking the trilemma by raising network performance and maintaining high performance as message sizes increase, while also keeping bandwidth requirements for network participants low. In practice this enables throughput scaling via larger blocks and shorter slot times, achieving the speed that users value so highly without the need to centralize the network.
glad to hear mine was good too
Ofcourse real support matters let's go and make optimum a game changer
Go to the official channel on optimum discord server to find out. All info about the campaign are listed there
Everyone wants it, but not everyone can do it
Blockchains have storage, but Optimum gives them memory — fast access, efficient syncing, and lower redundancy
nice to all know iam going
Just 10 points 4 mountc ago (
You're probably right. How many points do you manage to collect per day?
nice work bro keep it up
may day was normal  you?
what is points for?
Exactly! Continuous support is key.We’re all here backing Optimum and staying consistent
How did you get it?
yes, luck decides a lot, but persistence too
hah, what happen ?
Guys, how many points can I earn?
greetings man how your day going ?
i wish i will finished
yes it keeps us moving forward
I'm saying that when I write in English, it deletes it.
ahhh i see, thanks for your answerr
Nice!  I got 25 too yesterday. Points can add up faster than expected — check-ins, messages, votes all stack. Keep it consistent.
Greetings! What's on your mind today?
294 points me bro, me play coinflip bro
You probably also voted and got extra points.
that was heard
dude -- i dont understand your language
By leveraging the properties of Random Network Linear Coding (RLNC, we aim to enhance the scalability of any blockchain protocol while simultaneously improving decentralization and security, directly addressing the constraints imposed by current implementations.
optimum famm getting hard levels but always be so fast to get it
i m keepin broo
tamam ama siliniyor ya da hata alıyorum nasıl düzelticem
Use English pls in general
nice keep going
bro, please use english here
let hope for many po,nt
Blockchains already have storage, optimum gives them memory
Thanks, bro. Appreciate it!
ingilizce yazsam da olmadı anca türkçe
I have absolute support for this new development by Optimum team. Of course, this is time to know the real OG.
Hard work = pay off my friend
Yeah I also trying my best continuous support is the key we are here for supporting optimum
just write the command /profile
Have you managed to collect a lot of points yet? I collected 25 yesterday. Have you managed to collect a lot of points yet? I collected 25 yesterday, I don't quite understand how it happened
and where r u from buddy
idk maybe check permissions
Optimum is the world's first high-performance memory infrastructure for any blockchain. Powered by Random Linear Network Coding (RLNC, Optimum scales L1/L2 speed, robustness and throughput by orders of magnitude, enhancing dapp performance and end-user experience.
well said buddy
tests are great : OptimumP2P achieved an average latency of 1.17 seconds for message delivery, compared to Gossipsub's average latency of 2.35 seconds.
Optimum combines OptimumP2P, RLNC, and DeRAM to speed up data, reduce redundancy, and give near-instant network access — basically bringing blockchain closer to Web2 performance
tomorrow i was active for sometime
i engage in thise to grab
Memory = RAM , Storage = hard drive Optimum = decentralized RAM for fast blockchain syncing.
take a risk on coin flip mate, i just lost my point lol
if i have lambo already, try what ?
Yes, I can't find what conand check, how I have now?
Who will be the first? The lucky one who will get lucky in Coin flip?
please give mein advise
Command /profile write here
no risk, no gain bro
fr, if u already hv ferrari try lambo
Yeah, it’s tight with less than a month left. But daily effort adds up — keep grinding and you’ll hit that 1000 points
it's for the best, we'll get more awards
brother can you transfer my og role to
i like risk also
no risk no ferarri right ?
Anything wrong with that You have the OG role but I have been active here before the campaign start and I didn’t notice u being active ??
because he dont need point haha
rigt i need points i loss
1k first lets's go
Exactly Optimum doesn’t just speed up data transmission and reduce redundancy — it relies on powerful technologies like OptimumP2P to accelerate block and transaction propagation, RLNC to efficiently compress and encode data, and DeRAM to provide near-instant access to the network state. Together, these components bring any blockchain closer to Web2-level performance while maintaining decentralization
is it same decentralized memory with decentralized storage?
Go with small amount otherwise you will lost everything, stay alert
there's a little less than a month left. I need the asset every day. I still want to finish off this 1000
i like risk, no risk no rich akwokawokwok
whay you dont need
have u read the latest of ?
I don't know
Lots happening, but it’s all part of leveling up and staying ahead
how much xp do you have, my dears
No, you can do it by own risk
No am not
only og can grab point?
Here no engage, I checked it(
i think i will lose all my point rn
buddy not having og roll and u r helping others
flip my all points right now
Sounds like a lot going on
i thought y're OG mate
How can I check points? what conand?
so we need to do coin flip to maintain the role?
Unfortunately only once a day
10 points for every 20 substantial messages in ｜general (15+ characters about Optimum as a project or our recent updates. 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls and staying ‘til the end :TwitterX: Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets in ⁠️│twitter-engage (we’ll tell you which tweets qualify 5 points for checking in daily in ⁠│task-center
Exactly. Staying consistent and putting in real effort is key if we want to hit those goals.
It depends on your luck in this matter
lets grab the points
what you need
Yes, for sure there will be it’s a challenging process. Only the real OGs will remain, and of course, it won’t be easy next time.
Am not an OG like u buddy So I don’t need points
I also don't like sitting in chats
only og can
have you played yet? did you manage to double your points? i still haven't decided
Optimum focuses on building a high performance, decentralized memory layer for blockchains. It speeds up data propagation, reduces redundancy, and helps networks scale efficiently all while keeping things decentralized
its ok, its will help channel to grow
Guys if you want to earn point keep your conversation crypto and optimum related
yess i have only 31
This will take a lot of time, not everyone has enough patience.
We encountered many errors while using decentralized finance.optimum will minimize these errors.
50 points per days seem to be not easy
Not yet mate Stay tuned
You can check all info in
Do daily task and earn points just simple
It’s daily points sir
10 is enough
so, we need to somehow push harder and make the work more serious
what is optimum project focused for?
only OG maybe can earn point
I don’t know mate That you can ask the team if you are curious to know
can you answer ???
only 10 gambles in a day
Not yet, the team is still setting up the bot.
any buddy new here how to earn point
I think not many will reach the finish line
So because the campaign is meant for the OG I should not be active ???
thx to tell me it bro ,btw pts you have in optimum
Exactly I'm lucky not OG, huge difference
is twitter engage still not started ?
any benefit for boosting server sir ?
lets hope how i get in onem= months
Thank you,  no fine, here no ru chat for me hard here
No worries, bro.Always happy to share!
as I understand it, there is a limit here of exactly 20 messages for which they give 10 points.
The campaign is meant for the OG So I don’t know if earn points or not
What to get buddy can you tell me more
Then what are you doing here, if it's not a secret?
Wow congratulations, that’s cool
why ? its only vote bro
Yeah i hope so, they gotta add more campaigns
i win 49 points
who wil get
The rules are the same for everyone. If you won 1000 points so quickly, then you are lucky.
but it is to risky
Because community engagement drives growth. Projects realized that active, loyal participants aren’t just users.they’re the backbone. Grinding keeps the network strong and rewards real effort
Remarkable, thank you. How are you?
you forgot 5 point every 12 hour for vote
Let's play do it play flip game
Well said, but indeed there will be other campaigns to keep only the real OGs.
Yes, I agree with your opinion
You have now to 15 of September
I see, do you get points?
awww bro thanks a lot info
hy everyone, how point earning today?
Good evening everyone! How are you doing? How many points have you managed to score already?
For 20 messages you will get 10 points only once a day or every 20 messages???
Welcome to point loser army
Claim daily reward Play Send /vote in And log in then vote
why have projects started giving importance to grinding again
i wants gambling
yes sir im always good howbu??
yeah more and more Of course, I think it's better not to play.
Mostly just wait and observe for now. The team is running testnet updates, so it’s a good time to learn, engage, and stay ready for when tasks or participation opportunities pop up.
What’s good TG
Yes go all in you can win
brother how days left to earn points
everyday try 5 bid. per bid 20 points. if you win 3 times then you can earn 180 point and loss 40 points. thats my trick.
Stop repeating whats written by others
yes i think it good
Good evening how are you?
You can lose your entire bet.
I think the chat will slow down a lot by the end of the event
Yo! I’m good  How’s your day going?
Are you og ?
do we need to do anything about testnet phase or just wait patience?
Did you flipped today your point
ı will voting
Good evening do you want to keep your og?
but it risky?
I don’t think so But if you like a project you will boost it server
No, it doesn't give any privileges.
flip your coins loss or win
What’s up buddy How are you ?
How to engage I don't see any task right now
yes how ı will get point quick
Ik, but let's say i came here for a week and played flip coin and got the 1000 coins Does that make me a real oh
You can check it out on their official site . Lots of details about the tech, roadmap, and updates.
How you get too much?
The engaging is close bro
Haha. No problem, we will find it again
Good day sir
Is there any benefits for boosting server?
For 20 messages in the chat more than 15 characters you will receive 10 points. You can also get daily 5 points here
thank you, the same I would come here more often if there was a chat, it is difficult for me to communicate in English
everyday try 5 bid. per bid 20 points. if you win 3 times then you can earn 180 point and loss 40 points. thats my trick.
people come and go and the chat flies or stands still
Welcome back! How are you feeling?
what is this mate
Where is engang topic
brother i got 5 points how can i get more 10 pts
Yo red ranger How are you doing today
Let's make it happen just keep grinding
Do you need help mate??
Im back sir
seems to be progressing sturdy
Yeah my friend The same
Check It’s there mate
10 points for every 20 substantial messages, 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls, Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets,5 points for checking in daily in
ı will check but ı dont know sir
Well done. Did you get all the points by chatting? Or did you also use betting. How many days have you been active? What messages did you leave?
How to earn points guys ? Pls
No you can’t The campaign is only meant for the OG
nice bro do it
Givee some point for gambling
You are lucky you won a lot of points can you share your trick
Yeah bro  totally agree. Optimum is already proving itself real tests, real results
How many times are you here? did you something, connect or other?
Stop repeating someone else words
What I suggested is to take advantage of this opportunity to explore Optimum’s technologies and discuss them here, and to explore the roadmap that way the conversation will be more meaningful.
Its all about luck bro I will not try ha ha
maximum from flip coin
wow thats great, where i can read full about it fam?
hey guys wen new post of optimum come in twitter
the chat today is not as active as yesterday
Time for collecting some points, What's up bots
did you playing coin flip ?
And if you don't have the OG role, can you get it by collecting points?
Oh, the legendary cartoon, I watched it as a child
That's amazing how you got this point
Remember daily check-in rewards
i win 20 points but loss of 30
Haha. Try next time. I have just lost 50 points
Many projects stay just ideas, but Optimum is already proving itself real tests, real results
I currently have 60 points. While I should have had 80 to 100 points. I have been active for 3 days. And if we count the votes and daily points, I should probably have more points than I do now.
It's your kg?
240+ points. What about you?
Ohh, maybe you right
you need vote to their website
Yes, I have seen many projects that remained as dreams. optimum is not a dream.it is real.
I've been in chat rooms lately only when absolutely necessary. I'm glad to see you
Did you win or lose tell me about this
It’s achievable buddy
Yess mate, Optimum’s been showing strong testnet results lower latency than Gossipsub. Team keeps pushing updates, things are moving steady
Cool I wanna watch Simpsons right now
try discordbot list
I think here future never because I here too many times
I don't understand how I can collect 1000 points This is an unachievable goal For me
gamble 10 points
It has to be related to optimum or answering questions about this challenge
yoww guys, any good new about optimum?
It's nice how many points you have
already contributing here bro
Didn’t give me any points for voting
how much ur points now?
Right now Optimum is in the testnet phase the team is running benchmarks against existing protocols like Gossipsub, showing significantly lower latency. The focus is on proving performance first before scaling into mainnet deployments.
15 -> 75 -> 45
It's hard to get, buddy. I had 30-40 messages with more than 15 characters yesterday. But I didn't get the necessary points. It's like the messages have to be of a certain quality.
you guys are all good
Good evening how are you? how many times I don't see you
Then it's good keep contributing here
I'm working, how are you doing?
Guys do u vote on Captcha???
Oh , that’s good Maybe team will open it in future, but who knows
can you guys enlighten me which state the project right now ?
I don't have any points left
it’s already proving itself in action.Testnet runs showed Optimum cutting latency by more than half compared to Gossipsub.That’s not theory, that’s real performance.
Maybe so But how do you know which words are forbidden? By the way, does it also count punctuation marks as symbols?
you can go then type / profil
how much ur points now?
Good evening, where can I check point?
So you did gamble for extra points becoz you get only 25/30 points per day
Remember daily check-in rewards
Why ? I think you should join to try luck for yourself
Got it, thanks for the information
Welcome to point loser army
That's not OG, that's some people who don't have something to do yap randomly We due all respect ofc
Good evening,thank you fine just no good, no Ru chat
last i try 60 msg, only got 10 point
Optimum is not just a whitepaper or a dream.Test runs against Gossipsub show more than half the lower latency.
How to earn points?
don't play coin flip you can take a risk if you don't have enough points
i want only 40 points par day
guyss i just see the annoucment about og role.I don't wanna lose it so keep me busyyy guys
Helo everyone, good evening
This is the challenge it’s exhausting and difficult, it’s not easy to maintain the OG.
I never play again coin flip
Well, there were a lot of guesses, but I didn't see the exact information. has anyone received more than 10 points for messages?
I am not spaming bro
And I can't understand I've been banned for the second time It really slows me down
Try to share useful information about the project. Help others. Interact with others for information. Vote. Do a daily check.
Just add +1 from your points  Looks we are same I earn this in only 1 day
The announcements said they were going to open regional chats. Did you set a reaction to the flag?
Don't spam here you may get ban
what do you mean suny apu bro ?
U guys vote on Captcha bot? Did not give me any points
Fok it  Coin flip ate all my points
Not bad How about your?
Can you be able to scrape the algo of the coin flip bot?
Lol many of them keeping their og role safe
I have 50 points what about you
There are restrictions on certain words. Maybe you wrote a word that’s forbidden.
Guys, how is your evening going?
I've had it too, but I still don't understand why
Let's go what's your points now have you earn more points today
Yesterday, i forgot to even check in, i was busy, that's why i don't like this system
Yes we will do it very soon buddy
max 20 msg per day i guess
5 daily and 10 for chat. You can also win in Coin flip. Then you can also get for Twitter and presence on ama. More details in the announcements.
i want points
Absolutely amazing What about your ?
When here will be Ru chat? who knows about it?
I lost before, but how does the algorithm work? How much can you win each time depending on the bet?
You are welcome. The project was started by experts like Muriel Médard, who invented a way to make data sharing super efficient.
That's the whole idea of whoever the community managers is
I see. I'm constantly banned by the chatbot. But I didn't write anything bad.
We will all make it to the OG rise
please give me information, 20 messages per day - 10 points, 200 - 100? or a maximum of 10 per day?
Yes I'm active and get points let's make it
We all have to keep trying
Wow, great choice my friend
bid just 1 side per minutes, heads or tails
Good evening, how are your moods?
everything is fine, I'm sitting in the chat and drinking beer
Everyone just Active here to get more points
do yo have another suggestion bro i guess we kinda have to
Let's see how much we get at last
You lose 14 out of every 15 games.
how to check, if im ready take it?
My pleasure buddy
yeah for now still x engage and ama
Else you gonna get demotivated to carry on
How 35 points per day , can you elaborate briefly?
Everyone try 1 side per bid, heads or tails in 5 tims
I agree with you I don't gamble
10 point every day for chat
Yes, I don't want to leave my "OG" to chance
Try your luck here, take the risk — the OG is worth it. This is not financial advice, haha.
Yes, it doesn’t exist yet. And I think it will happen soon.
Nice to hear that I’m fine , thanks
yes i never play coin flip
You are already doing so by being active
nice bro, keep it up.. don't do forget to gambling your points haha
gamble is very risky
Just chat buddy don't count you get points
did you play coin flip bro, not sure you can only get 35 pts a day max
How do I can earn max points every single day
just try it bro , you will win for sure
nice iam goint to gambling
Yoo jekyde! Wassup
In command / profile
Good, thank you. How are things with you?
Thank you very much, you really helped me out
How much total points you have guys??
count messsages howw
I guess thats why i can not see engage channel
if you win 3 time 20X3=60, 60X3=120 points
you can check your point here & then type /profile
Type /profile command here
Pretty much a good stratergy. I bit 5 every time
for chating 100 per day?
vote and check in and chat for fun didnt count chat
Yeah, that's pretty good I guess you have more than 150 points
I think I’ll try it today, I don’t know how my luck will be how much did you earn today?
I'm doing well too. I'm collecting points.
Yoo mod! How does the messages thing work. Like everyone who does 20 messages gets points? I'm confused
it will happen soon
Please tell me how I can check my points total, which team I'm on, and where. Thank you very much for your help
so when they will open twitter engage ?
and good evening to you too good man
Good stats bro! I'm even jealous
Exactly if you preferred community then no one can stop to get success
What’s up How are you?
omg how did you reach that bro
Optimum is one of the few projects I’ve seen that keeps delivering solid progress
are talking about twitter engage point ?
im here from day 1 mate i have more
Greetings! How's everything this week?
Be a gambler bro!
i reached 80+ points brop
5 times try to 20 points per bid.
Wow, you're not talking about us, but about someone else? I just haven't even heard of the testnet
Yes, it's a good plan, I'll leave it in case I don't have time hehe
only 27 point
It’s likely there will be one, because every application needs testing.
How is possible bro?
Have you reached 100 points bro?
im gonna like optimum repost on optimum
yeah 1 every 30 second
nothing until now
lmao! I bit for only one side until I lose
100 points per day
Only 10 so far, and there’s still more to come — I think I’ll take a risk here.
hey bro how to bet i dont know
Better luck next time
good evening nice people
Did the team share anything in the chat today?
10 times per day right?
only 1 bet today win 10 points
win 4 times and 20 bid
Pretty much a win if you do like that!
not yet-or not at aal?
you are doing very good bro good job
Collect your points for a week and go all in
One important thing ignoring of community is leade failure of projects
I don't know, I haven't followed the news
just try fill coin & win it is lucky day for me
Wooh congrats bro i just lost 8 points
There’s no testnet launched.
Massive bro! From coin flip?
wow how to get so much?
i also try and grab 50 point atleat in a day
hey guys what are you up to?
your total points you mean bro ?
Whatsup. How are you doing bro?
So how many points did you make today from coin flip?
the main thing is that they don't increase the limit to 1000 points
Max bid on coin flip
Won thanks for the prediction
how points u ern today i earned much
U can check by setting specific person name in the search bar
how did u do that?
i think you need go to search and look how many, or check points in chanel for this
yes go do engage in this
It time to sleep. Hope everyone have a nice day
I thought about it, but from the first day, our score is 10 points
Congratulations. I also won once yesterday, but then I lost.
I've earned 15-> 70 just now lmao
The testnet doesn’t seem to have started yet. For now, it’s only for OGs. Previously, there were some activities, but just community events, like creating content and earning rewards.
Thanks bro, so there was nothing new
oh great I'm also playing 2win & 1 loss
all in your points on coin flip.. easy 1k points
earned 50 points, what about yours?
How can I check how many messages I have already written to get points?
lets hope all grab 1k points
Yes, let’s see who will endure.
Ok going to try it
Yes, that would be very timely
one loss one win
excellent words, you are right, there is something to think about
You're lying bro  , I guess you got a lot of points from the flipped today
How many points Y'all have?
Go with Tails
i get only 24 right now
how much you win for today ?
hahaha, idk man i never try it
They fixed this to minimize rewards members
don't play guys I lost so many points
read my analysis and you can know how to complete
we don't see any tasks yet that would allow us to score 1,000 points hehe
check here. OG Reawakening campaign started
iam gambling my points
I don’t know, but of course there will be other campaigns to ensure that only the real ones remain.
yes  I think the win rate in this game is low = 99.99999% lost
Yehhh Yehhh hope so
no im just waiting for ama to know about optimum more
Got it And where can I participate in the testnet? Or is there currently activity only with the og role?
I’m going to try the coin flip I need any ones prediction
50 points per days seem to be hard
really ? your guess won't reach 2k people?
yesss its hard
Wtf! You're too fast man!
Thanks buddy any new updates here optimum public testnet ? Or any new infooo
this chat going to make it no doubt
yes, this is a cruel idea
that's hard, sorry for
what's new? Have any events been announced?
180 k og huge number 2k is huge too
Yes I think less
yesss its but hard
Not much just chilling here
are you playing coin flip ?
Yoo! Wassup everyone!
Not bad, you could lose all your points
Same, my town is cold.
I think less
yeah we will defiantly get it, no one can stop us
yaa bro real challenge
it's possible mate, read carefully
40points minum daily to grab
welcome to the community
i tried and lost half
Wadapok I lost my points
Congratulations  Let keep the hope alive
I think it’s worth a bit of adventure in…
Ahhh, hope we can have it soon
Not yet, but it's coming
welcome to the community
now OG Roles is around 180k, how many do you think will reach 1k points? 2k, 5k, 10k people?
stay safe bro
What's the same bro?
Yh we keep pushing till we get there
What I mean is, if you create a tweet/content/something like that, not everyone will get points, only those who are selected.
It is very hard to collect 1k poits in limited time period
yeah there is limit thank god or all my point will vanish
I will definitely try. I like the project and I want to keep the OG role.
i bet 3 and win
50 what about u
but keep working on it don't loss hope.
How many points have you collected so far?
A wise man will not climb a mountain; a wise man will go around it. Think about it
The weather is very hot. How is it in your country?
ethereum + optimum = The World Supercomputer
Guys, we dont have any regional chat right?
we are still here, how are you doing today?
yeah goal to become og of the optimum community
I agree that it is difficult, but we have to try.
yaa bro very hard
You're here to dance ?
Is your town cold bro?
And here it is not so easy to achieve. It will be very difficult to get 1000 points
Only those who go forward will master the difficult path
Oops! You've hit your daily bet limit. Lower your bet or try again tomorrow. wtf i get the limit
what do you mean
yeah why not
Go to type profile bro good luck
That’s the goal bro
nicee it work smooth
yes buddy i am here
We'll get it, come on
twitter engagement, Not everyone can be a friend,
are you still in rhere
ok bro good luck lets go & achieve 1000 points
somebody will eventually win a lot of points there
Just here for the talk
Yes, same here, we’re from Indonesia haha.
Let's wait together
Of course, the OG role always comes with special privileges for its holders, along with exclusive perks but you have to be a true OG.
It's basic, good boy
type /profile bro in
I think general chat be 10 points
My pleasure bro. I always prioritise my frens amd whole community members
you can try coin-flip but very risk
go to then type / profil
write / profile
Being an OG here isn’t just a role, it’s about supporting Optimum since day one
How I can check my point  / ......? Which comand
yaa bro real utility
im from Indonesia bro, and you?
Straight zero, i just started
When the twitter engagement task will be live then we can earn 30 / 35 points per day but now just getting 25 points per day
how to check point?
We are all waiting. Otherwise it will be difficult
not easy to achive this bro agree with you
bro you here?
Yes, that’s right. Check the official announcement in the channel
are u asking for daily?
I hope you've made your conclusions, of course you can win and you can lose everything, so think carefully.
how many point you earn bro ?
can you get more than 35 points ?
What excites me the most is how Optimum is bringing real utility to the space
Yeah, to the deep. Here we go
Wait for further information bro. Achieve what you can first
Looking forward to it
general chat 20 point, vote 2x 10 point, and daily check. maybeee
did already but thanks for reminder
more gambling more points
It's possible my friend
Where are you from, bro? I mean, which country?
Nothing can't help us
will open soon
Got it And this will all last until September 15? Or am I wrong
sure buddy going to check
thank it is a great advice from you
ok bro thanks for the suggestion
very hard yaa need much point
Don't forget to claim your 5 points from
OG role will be important At the end of the campaign
I lost most points on another server by playing some game like flipping a coin
okay i'll try
What scares a gambler
Thanks bro, Glad to see we agree on the importance of consistency in this campaign
Straight zero, success, no?
Yh even the is not yet active
Most likely they will recruit new moderators and all in the same vein as everyone does in this case, anyway some action has already started anyway
Just do daily task and avoid flip game everyone is losing their coins.
In my opinion, 30/35 is possible per day.
I don't recommend playing there as you can lose points as well
Yes, of course, you can get that. For daily check-in, it’s 5 points. For interacting on Twitter, that will come later.
with chat here
Yes it's very hard but let's see may be more task and more points
It’s not easy to collect 1000 points only the true OGs will actually be chosen.
I lost 2 of 50 And was so frustrated Can imagine how you fell
Good evening! Hope you've had a productive day
I took a risk with a small amount. I had 20 pounds. Now it's 80. That's enough for today
Bro it isn't MORE points, it is less points, believe me
The last update was  Really shows how dedicated the team is. Any sneak peeks for the next one?
I fully support your words
I think that all. 25 points per day
i got 19msg, i success
how man points I can earn in flip coin in a day ?
Honestly, I don't even know — just waiting, so to speak.
how you are going to make that ?
I agree, this campaign is indeed clever in determining who is active and loyal without having to guess
So far we can only chat here and wait for further announcements
yes mate how can we help for in optimum discord tell me
yo bro good day
You are risky player buddy keep your stretegy clear
20 messages and don't do coin flip
Becz 1000 point cretiria is to hard
Where I can play for more point
It seems to me that I will not get 1000 points before the end of the campaign
so any advice for me for the new points system ?
let get 20 points per day
Curious to know, how does Optimum plan to handle scalability as the community keeps growing?
Yes, the key is consistency and perseverance until the end of the campaign
I agree with you Campaign is clever
Haha yes bro. Are you happy?
I'm glad to hear it
Only 10 I just started. Next, I lose more
Oh sorry for you lol why you gamble point its very important
i lost my 3 points
1k points is difficut :((
oh bro so sad
In general bro look, you go to the thread with points and write the command "vote" choose a bot and go, vote, that's how it worked for me.
So we all need to work for the progress of this great, unique and amazing project
guys wen is it ama session gonna live
That's right, it's clear who is serious about participating in the community and who is just following along
hope we achive bro
Got it Thanks for clarifying Can I also get 5 points daily? And for interacting with posts?
thanks, vote - check in - chats 20 msg, twitter no posts still right?
Ya it is too risky I lost my 100 point
Relax bro. Play it chill.
lost point = lost OG Roles
good luck to you in this difficult task
always bro health comes first definitely agree with you
that is great. budget keep going
How many points you lost mate it's very risky
Yes, this campaign is indeed clever. It can show who the truly active and loyal members of the community are
yaa bro hard luck
agree with you. But we will have more point from X-engate and AMA
That's the spirit  Let keep moving
Right. It only takes perseverance.
That, are you saying the goal of optimum’s 1000-point campaign is to pick the best of the best? That’s exactly what’s happening only top dogs get chosen!
Coin flip, it's real casino
Yes, exactly — 20 messages, each with at least 15 characters.
Yeah that’s true
How you will lost your point buddy
big truee my friendss
babalar sözünü tutar sa
Same here bro
i wii be consistent on optimum to grind points
yes it losees
Yeah it's real roulette, not everyone will win that's for sure, I think I'm unlikely to play, but if I don't make it I guess I'll have to
I lost all my points
Thanks bro. With consistency, the target of 1000 points can definitely be achieved
The OG Reawakening campaign is such a smart way to filter real ones.
Don’t play with greed. That’s the key.
Yes I'm doing my best what about you
I also suffered a loss yesterday, but I still made more profit from my wins.
it won't always work out that way, the main work takes time
Yes you're right Consistency is the key ️ here
and chat /vote. then click link
I agree, time will tell
I don't think so because you can lost points Be smart
keep contribute bro
idk bro im start and try to take for chat 1st time, some where vote - where is this?
Good night bro. Nice to meet you
Just vibing its very hyped community let's do it
I am still finding but still not get any idea to play this game
It's better to focus on consistently earning points first without touching the coin flip yet.
Keep it up, bro. You can definitely do it.
сhanel for voting and use /vote
I played 5 times with 2p/times. I lose all. I dont belive it anymore
Gmum Fam , hows going go
Right now in optimum, this campaign is running for regular users, and of course, there’s the testnet campaign related to node execution, which is being handled by project’s strong partners and might even reach awesome users like us.
I totally agree bro. Today was fun, the project was cool, and the community is really solid
Thank u Good night bro
Let's do mate what's happening
Ohkay because no one will be risking that much
Stay healthy, my friend.
is it good stratigy for flip coin ?
are you chatting here too? How many points have you got so far? Can you get them all by the 15th of September?
keep growing bro
But trying it can also make you lose points
It's my pleasure buddy
did you like my joke?
Love how the Optimum community keeps growing stronger  Feels great to be part of this journey.
Great bro. We can use the same strategy tomorrow
Thanks buddy, you realle helped me
good day great project and good people in it
exactly, in . that is great
I'm happy for you, you're cool bro
alright broski! i will let you know asap about this
Yes, that’s right. That’s the limit for each chat.
But if you don't try the coin flip, I'm not sure if you can get 1000 p
Have a nice rest see you tomorrow
Really impressed with how Optimum keeps delivering updates on time  What’s next on the roadmap?
Playing games on web3 is finally becoming enjoyable.
Then another question What were the activities in this project? Apart from the discord Testnet or something like that?
not a friend, i was just joking Haha
great joke from you you are good at it
I'm trying and badending for me
time to sleep for asian time bye
Getting 1k points will be so tense
try dis /profile
Yeah that’s true
i am chatting with you now
what is this?
Go to coin flip game section and type command/ profile you will see your points there.
Yes work hard we will make it happen very soon
I don't know what to say Just keep trying
Congrats! Your 4 points bet won you 12 points!
where is xA
great buddy keep going
Great bro, keep it up. That sounds cool
Friends, I wanted to ask when do you get 10 points for posts, right after doing it or after some time?
Don’t play all the time. Just once a day is enough. And try again.
thanks bro, tomorrow I'll try to place bets again
lol. I got me : too risk
It was just a joke to lighten the mood because you guys were so tense trying to get 1000 points.
I don't believe in luck, that's why I don't play
What’s deal with it, and what’s so exciting?
Yes mate i always message more than 15
Is it true what was your pick?
Really? You really got me
Yeah, I have discovered it. What's command?
Its very hyped now let's see bro
noway. i got just 20 ponit today
ya going to check
This community always feels like home  Respect to everyone keeping the OG vibes alive.
It’s joke bro Hahaha
I’m most hyped about DeRAM real onchain games badly need it.
Yes, I already figured it out Need 20 messages a day
which buttons you tap bro ?
Don't believe me, buddy, it's just a joke.
Are your messages were meanigfull and has a 15 chapters?
How you guys winning flip coin game I am only losing my points.
How can I check amount of my points?
Great bro. Consistency every day will make it easier to chase points
reset every 0:00 UTC, i guess
yes but need reply for people bro
Make sure your chat must be 15 character long and its meaningful not spam
too risk man. but congrant
Congrats! Your 300 points bet won you 900 points! Omg hahaha
i will take rishq daily of my all coin by 10%
yes. Good. i am too
What do you mean? What do you mean by time? Per day chat or what?
We just need to keep grinding
love og bro
not late, mate, we have enough time to save OG
Is there no reward for the work we have done so far?
I think real OGs get this.
you can check your point here
The energy in this server is unreal right now  Love to see all the OGs active again!
One time per day let's do it now
What was your pick
you can bet also
You're welcome, Glad to hear everything is going well
right now i understand mate thank you
I think i chat more than 20 today
No, there is no delay to points
yeah bro, that's what I do, it's already 91 now, by the end of the day it'll be 101!
wow buddy very nice
how many time per day?
If you don’t wait for the next day, we’ll get stuck in an endless loop. Share the ton of messages and everything you learn about optimum daily here, and in the end, we’ll all learn.
Been rocking with Optimum since the early days  Proud to still be here as an OG
Congrats! Your 100 points bet won you 300 points!
What calculation gives you 50 points daily
sure buddy going to check
but how to know when ?
Just complete your chat 20 and you will get it
Yes, it's really exciting to see the community active again. I feel proud to be part of the solid OG family
i didmt chat yesterday im doing it today
where i can check my points
Yes bro. This will be a surprise in the future.
One more question By what time do we need to collect 1000 points? I think I already asked
you need og role , sorry my friend.
for getting points? yes
i think u need OG role to practice
nice man check ur point
English is also very difficult for me, but I use a translator.
Npt getting my chat point yet, is there any delay point?
yaa buddy going to check
Thank you, everything is very wonderful
og ro;e need or not
Yes I'm also very happy to see the community vive
I'm human, but English is very difficult for me.
If you consistently collect 50 points per day, you can safely reach your target of 1000 points in 20 days without stress at the end of the campaign. Let's go
look at the messages here
Have u done your daily check in?
so after that 20 messeags i need to wait 1 day ?
ok thanks for the information
Unfortunately, you don’t have OG role and can’t participate in this campaign.
10 points for every 20 substantial messages, 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls, Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets,5 points for checking in daily in
Keep it up, bro. Hope you keep earning more and more.
that's great mate, keep working hard
Love seeing the community active again  Always proud to be part of this OG family
Where is your OG role?
I will try, you don't slack off either
thank you sir, i am good
ddue i have 82 poits im happy
if you collect 50 per day, you will accumulate 1000 points in 20 days
where i can get 1000 points
The community spirit is high, and it really feels like the active members are the true OG
What’s up guys
What do you need? Right now, we’re only communicating in English here.
oh... sad ending. will you play more?
Real OG vibes are back
how much maximum points grab in a day
check it fyq
Oh. i just started yesterday, but i have 80 point
15+ characters about optimum or u can chat with someone here
Thanks bro.Hope you have a great day too, full of energy
It’s awesome to see the Discord buzzing again  Let’s keep the energy up, real OGs never sleep
same here. but I lost 10 points at coinflip
lost already 50 point
guys i earned now 15 points while doing chat here im happy now first 5 points then 10 ,optimum
what... english help... optimum.. korea
You guys better be active
is there no leaderboard for points?
My answers to first two questions are yes. But I didn’t quite get 3 one. You either need to talk about project, have a chat with one of your friends, or help out people here. We’re all set to become masters in optimum.
how you get 55? o0
i want to korea chat plze
what are u doing guys]
you only voting after 12h
good mate keep going
The structure of Optimum updates shows discipline and planning
I'm fine, bro! I'm excited to help you chase points
good bro how ur day going
so shy. haha. check how to get points
I have 55 points, I just started yesterday
i am good. how about you?
What’s the recommended config for multi-region deployment?
and I wish you a good day
Scalability means a better user experience, and the number of decentralized application users will increase significantly.
I don't think you could get as many points as you wanted on the first day
||u are|| great
You check on type /profile
keep growing how are u ?
all you need
what is voting limit in one day ?
Optimum is one of the most promising and consistent projects today
There are only two roles on the server? Og and verification? And you also need to watch the symbols
maybe voted? or daily branding
did u mean great day? U net to chat 15 character
have a good day sir. how are you
to u bro
Where can one check total points
have a nice day
Everything’s super clear new folks should know there’s a full announcement about real OG campaign in announcement channel. Optimum has a great plan to keep things rolling.
Nice one then,let keep trying We go harder daily
guys dont confuse yourself too much if you have any doubts ask here freely mods will help and also chk announcement section also it might help you ... we all are here to help each other
Let’s hope it happens fast optimum can streamline infra and boost speed. Of course, there are other priorities we’ll talk about too.
how to understand i sent 20 meaningful of them ?
very good friend, how are you doing today?
great bro i'm happy for you
The devs behind Optimum show they are committed to community needs
I didn't place a bet at the time, I remember exactly
i guess we will see soon batter experience with optimum
Haw More point earn
yes friend you are totally drunk
I got it. Thank you
yes bro trying hardly
how can we earn more points
you wellcome. how are you
“It feels great to see the Discord active again
yes thats right
Yes optimum will make it possible let's hope for best
Look, you have to vote every 12 hours. This way you get two to five points. That's a total of 10 points in a day.
oh I see. u mean 2 times
Good too buddy,how are u farming your point?
Yeah, you need to chat, help out crew, and send messages about optimum with at least 15 characters. This is to keep chatroom from getting spammed.
I think we will see a much better user experience in decentralized applications after the integration of optimum into blockchains.
Are you sure it was for messages? Maybe they gave it to you for something else?
It's going nice here what about you
i don t think so
for voting it is 5 my dear friend
Optimum consistently proves that quality is the top priority
u can vote 2 times every 12 hours
got you. I am here. good you
Vote for every 12 hours
good champ whatsup
how many point do you have?
use wisely my friend dont trust blindly
ouh maybe i think so, oky bro
I saw 5 points per vote. anyone got 10 points?
On the first day, I got 20 points for messages
and on that legendary day, I got acquainted with this project...
Good evening to all people
perfect mate, how s your doing ?
Put all your efforts let's make it happen
I think we can earn those 1,000 points.
Optimum family how are we?
Doing great, thank you! Pro bro
Thanks buddy. You always provide interesting and accurate information. I also have high hopes for optimum.
i think so too. this is a program to keep og if get 1000 points
The steady development of Optimum proves it is built for the future
Yeah, that happens sometimes, it’s just a delay or the system not syncing right away
now plaing to earn 50 points from flik game
awww thanks mate
15 characters?? You mean 15 letters long?
need more energy to earn points haha
Yes it's for everyone lets keep chat
So I just need to chat? And for that I only get 10 points a day?
Yes, my friend, I didn't know about it on the first day either.
ok where need vote?
oh. We are need to luck more
agree with you. 0 UTC and you can claim daily poit
tell me if you see anything different
Send meaningful messages (at least 15 characters — 10 points for every 20 messages Join weekly community calls and stay until the end — 10 points each Engage with specific tweets — up to 20 points Check in daily — 5 points Vote regularly — 5-10 points per vote
great going buddy but play cautiously i guess
yes. me too. i like that play
not bad. how about you pro
It looks like new users don’t stand a chance in this points-based program. So, only OGs can participate in this optimum campaign.
sometimes my chat count and sometime not count
Is that the limit? Am I understanding this correctly?
oh thank you sm broski! will check it out for the details later today
Send meaningful messages (at least 15 characters — 10 points for every 20 messages Join weekly community calls and stay until the end — 10 points each Engage with specific tweets — up to 20 points Check in daily — 5 points Vote regularly — 5-10 points per vote
what do you mean? time to reset?
i am bulish optium good project
OG seems to be no longer obtainable
after 20 i need to wait 1 day ?
dude i started it when i had 12 points today and earn 30+ earn today
Good evening! How was your day?
Yes it's very active and helpful
Good evening! How was your day?
I see your point, things have been quite a letdown recently
Nice work fam, have a good rest and recharge for tomorrow
Thank you, you can be addressed as my friend.
Optimum’s updates are intentional, meaningful, and very effective
“It feels great to see the Discord active again
noooo, 20 today, just started fam try to push more by chatting minimum 15+ words
UTC +0, I think so
Og task galxe ended. To earn point you can check
pleasure is all mine my dear friend
sure buddy, anytime
bro, you can only get 10 points per day for messages
need check 20 msg or here alert for this?
After Ethereum integration, optimum will support other L1 chains. We will see major progress in the entire crypto industry.
Point programme is for og member not for new user
Lol I hope so as well...u earning role could be made lilly bit difficult
every 20 messages = 10 points
i guess we have to take the risk of playing flip coins after accumalating 100 points hahah
Stability has been a major win for Optimum in the last few releases
yeah but you have more chats bro
OG Galxe ended 23 April
im bullish and confident with flip game
yup, 20+ messages for 10 points
sure buddy keep going
I understood more, thank you for your help.
I don't understand what, I don't get 10 more points per message, I have almost 50 messages already
how to get points and og role
yes mate thnx
no play filp
i lose 50 point today. it is hard to win
Yes buddy let's see how I progress here
so messeage count is daily ?
eh its auto updated i guess, i have 25 points right now
400 points and play coin flip
Now you can earn 10 points daily with 20 messages about optimum. You’d better check announcement channel on server for full details. Optimum has set up a points-based program, and reaching 1000 points shouldn’t be too tough.
optimum will surely help you to reach there
who has confidence to earn 1k pts in 20 days
did u check?
I'm completely ready mate
I just got lucky today, yesterday not so much
That’s a solid mindset focus on steady effort first, then only take risks if it’s really needed
Optimum is building real trust with how it delivers updates
how much time for get 1k points? it's real for 5 and 20 from chat?
Yeah, I don't remember either.
yes thats úer
It's ended already buddy let's see if any other chances
I don't think there's a way for now...we wait for an announcement
completed today! thank you faaaaam, need to rest rn it's night here
I'm betting 5 and 10 on probability. Maybe luck.
have you ever checked so far ?
hope for the best can't say nowadays anything good about by seeing what we are getting you got my point i guess
use /profile on
yep I'll try gain tomorrow
then how to get og role
taild is good...go gambling all your points
Come on friend, get you energized to win
oke, we need to wait so thats it i think
yes, yesterday I got somewhere +18, today I lost -11 Hahaha
idk yet about this but you can wait the daily reset time
That's a nice strategy tho
Belive in hard work don't Gamble I will do gamble at last when if I will not make 1000 point
Each Optimum milestone is a clear step toward long-term goals
how do i check my points?
Okay, I'm starting to understand What should I do now? And when will this end?
goodluck next time
I always played heads  7 lose 3 win
general chat points coming late to the points checker ?
I play differently, first with a small amount, then I increase it
i didn't see
Better luck next time
It’s still being planned.
idk bro many of them say around 180k, That's why the team created the "OG Revalidation Campaign"
its the timer they have set for everyone you have to wait to send another message bots get eliminated with it
Hey friend. DeRAM is Optimum's memory system that stores blockchain data temporarily, making apps run smoother and faster for everyone.
degen how much points brother?
broooo, please teach me pls, need that skill! i think i'm not lucky yet today hahahahahahahaha
Yeah, looks like there’s nothing active with X at the moment, just wait for the next update
oh. we need to more luck\
thanks, I really lost another 11 points today
it seems like it's a tough lottery
275 kawan wkwkwk
haha. u can do it. keep chating. Have you play coin flip?
fmum mate, how s your day going ? are you good
Any update ? For post engagement points
That's too bad, I wish you to get back at it bro
what's the timezone for the daily reset? anyone knows?
I will not gamble my luck is not favor me hehr
you can play with a many points
ok thanks now im go
Optimum’s growth has been impressive while still sustainable
seriusan gasih mas njol? bagi dong etdeeehhh
I am a gambler. kink
Well, don't I have to wait a minute? will they count for 30 seconds?
vote are in points check and checkin in task center
yes. you can play the game in
congrats buddy you are way ahead of everyone
lost 35 point
haha thanks for believing
Yes very active and helpful community I have ever seen
that's huge, save it, mate
More wins for you, I wish you
broooo, that's huge amounts! gib me some
The overall Optimum experience feels more refined after each patch
it's still win tho, keep optimum on your self
Lol, I think you misunderstood me
Exactly We wait for announcement
I haven't seen any platform as worth playing as this one.
I think the project will update more features to earn points
I have 300 points, bro.
in task center
I lost 7 times and won 3 times... I'm very unlucky
You'll be able to keep the role within a month.
no they aren't just keep doing it meaning ful chats after that they will chk and give points
in points check
Bro, I got two more points than you
ok thank you, i've completed the daily vote now!
You’ve got the OG role, so you must’ve done it you just don’t remember now. But that role isn’t a big deal anymore. At end of the campaign, if you hit 1000 points, optimum will give everyone a new role.
ahh okayy will do like you brother! gambling away all my points
I guess it's because you don't have the OG rold
ok. i got it
Optimum’s usability has improved significantly with recent updates
Pls how to check if I have drop up to 20 message
Hello! I'm thrilled to chat with you!
plz read carefully
Yeah agreed, the OG campaign details are all laid out there definitely worth a careful read so no one misses out
How long does it stay to update level?
why bro? too little? how much do you have?
where vote and check in?
Can we reach 1,000 friends? It's very difficult to earn points.
Can you tell me if messages are counted every 30 seconds?
i am good. how many point did you earn
yeah,. t think too
Great community vibes here, happy to be part of this!
I think so, if you keep it up. You got to win more
thanks buddy iam here to help
Yes I believe same let's see I also about to Remove haha
just chat, vote, daily check in
How many times can I lose in a row?
good bro how are u ?
Oh my friend, thank you so much, I finally figured it out.
MEANS RIGHT NOW THERE IS NO ACTIVITY OF ENGAGING WITH X
In short, I don’t remember us doing Galxe
check it mate
guys will see you tomorrow , im full today and have 140 points at all
It seems new users don’t have access to this section yet. I’m sure team will release an announcement about it. We need everyone’s participation in optimum.
you can make it sir. OG will come with you
bro i earned 30+ points with flik game today and voting bot and did aily claim
Loving the energy in the Discord, feels early and exciting
180k!!! So many bot accounts
Doubt it man good luck
type /profile message on bot channel you will see it
oke thnx mate for that info, i will make it
I guess about 100k left at the end
I have 86 points, do you think I'll make it?
no more another tasks?
evening ceker! love for 1000 seekers of optimum points
Yes Twenty message for ten point let's go
You need to play to win more, or I'm afraid you won't make it
Engage with people 20 times
Is it true that OG Roles is currently around 180k? How many will reach 1k points by the end of the campaign? I would like to know your prediction ser
am dont understand to vote
please help me figure out where I can see the number of my points.
you can go there and use command /profile
in every chat or after 20 chats ?
where to check i have no access #no acess
wow how do you get this much point bro?
You will for sure! Just keep consistent and you’ll be fine
chat 20msg a day in here
Wow this is good points mate
you wait about 5 minute
Everything’s super clear new folks should know there’s a full announcement about real OG campaign in announcement channel. Optimum has a great plan to keep things rolling.
How’s it going
How to check my point bro
use /profile command buddy
I dont know :(( I though we only get 25 per day
Yes let's see how many remains at the end
Hey man. how are you? What did you learn about optimum today? Tell me? What new technology did this project introduce?
ive sent more than 25 messages today! Means i got the points?
What about you
go here "discordbotlist.com" connect ur dc and vote engagly bot on that site
Yes, but even with this method it's very hard to accumulate 1000 points
I have more than you
Good evening, I hope you are all in good health, seekers of 1000 Optimum points.
its my now 70 soon goona be todat 75 and tommorow 100+
How to see your points guys help
on where brother? i didn't see any task of it
5 :((. i just start ar the moment
in every 20 chats, we should do it again immediatly or wait ?
coin flip is very risky
I've already figured it out. Uh, thank you. There's a rumor on social media that you get 10 points for EVERY 20 posts.
yes, there are 200k og. too much
im ask how to get this points
for sure, we need better answer fot that
Theres a bonus of 5 for replying and engaging
Heavy voting coming up huh
cool, I'll check points and vote
Staying consistent with daily chats is worth it for OG recognition
Go to here type /vote
How many points do you have now? lucky
but how do we know we already done our task daily bro?
25 bro. and you?
Yes buddy agree with you let's hope for best
i haven't access of this link , how to get access
that's all you need
ahh good bro
I have 35 you?
I just have 10, hbu mate? how many yours?
how to get points ?
Yeah, it moves fast. Easy to miss stuff if you’re not checking often
i only have 5 from daily and degen my 5 get 20 points
Bro, what’s that channel for?
Yes agree we will Show our commitment
you go to and type /vote
noted bro!! Too many confusions to be honest
The dev team is super responsive, respect.
last 2messages in the announcement channel give full details about this campaign. Definitely check them out.
Type /profile, you'll get how many points you've collected
great. arre you good?
How many points you have?
nice motivation dont let this go off
Definitely OG holder
your 20 point buddy
i always win now i will play tommore and earn big poitns im full confident , see tomorrow , my name is thoams shelby
good evening everyone
let's do all the task on gmum and shows others we're not bots
ahh got it thanks!! hope ill make it!!
how to vote matey? can you guide me?
i see, thank you for this information mate
Bro well, I think you're lucky today.
sure I'll save some chill
Yes let's flikn go and do all task
so far there is nothing but be active here
That's right, my friend. I hope so.
Why are there no official links to these campaigns here?
nobody knows i think
yeah complete all task and yeah love it tho
guys dont forget vote bot and get 5 points from voting!
The chat channel is so crowded
Daily max points from all bro you got me?
If we hit 1000 points in this campaign, I’m sure we’ll be respected in optimum.
wait i check
I need that daily chat point! I need to play flip!!!!
go to channel and type /profile
On which day does the weekly call take place?
how can i know that how many points i earned today?
Hey guys, beautiful day to everyone.
Everything is good, hbu mate? do you have some interesting information here?
i am good. and you?
complete all task lets fkn go
Have a nice day, complete all task
Mostly just stay active, follow the updates, and engage when there are tasks or announcements. Nothing too complicated day to day
what's with my points?
pleasure matey, don't forget to push the convo so you'll be safu
You only have 30% chance to win the betting
how u can got 35 points? get 20 points from chat?
which camera are you talking about
thats what i am doing to tackle it
These are just the early days; on September 15, the alphas of optimum will emerge.
OG role holders are gonna be so happy in the long run.
So did we do it or not? I can't remember
check ur point
yes bro i need to play tmrw ! i won 15 points totaly from coin flip today! 130 points at all
have a good day
thx to tell me it i will win every time with 70% accuracy my bet
Yes I'm waiting for it let's see when
yeahh count 20 messages?
not everytime some lossing give us good earning of knowledge too
10 points for every 20 substantial messages, 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls, Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets,5 points for checking in daily in
Regional channels are being voted on. Please select your country.
Yesterday I got 35 points and lost 35 points And today I got 35 points and lost 5 points That all bro I am going to sleep see you soon bro
When is next weekly call?
how can I check the amount of my xp. guys?
points count only for 20 messages because it's daily task
it is coming in future. Watch out for
Everyone here seems genuinely excited about the mission
Here, we just completed a Galxe task for OG role, plus a few community calls and submitted an article we published on Twitter. Everything’s fresh around here.
how ur day going ?
go to and type /profile
yeah. i am here
Good evening what's happening today
thank you mate
guys what need to do every day? im not sure i understand right anounce tell me please'
Someone said losing is hard. I will take your suggestion into consideration.
try on another browser or try after sometime maybe traffic issues
ITS limit bro
but yeah i do love the quest!
nope for whar do camera
go to channel and type /profile
ohhh bot says me:  Oops! You're out of plays for today. See you tomorrow!
There are no tasks at the moment.
will have announcement soon
Wow nice bro but don't bet all at once
nice, save some chill for me
I am fine mate hbu?
check it out fam
Keep working hard completed all task you will get more points
go to x and engage baby
What did u talking about?
Good evening mates
How to see score
anyone got points from chatting?
how to check
the captcha thing, it not working in chrome
So how did you get so many points early
dont worry their time will surely come you efforts will not going in vain
only og's can flip?
I don't understand you It's hard for me to communicate outside of a regional channel
I started today. My score is still low.
official tweet will be here
I think goal of this campaign, as always, is for long-term plans maybe we’re training for Kaito campaign.
i have made today a planing and strategy to won flik game with best accuracy and higher reward ,
i missed 2 days can i still completed it ?
Will there be a incentivized testnet? any info?
yaa trying here bro how are u ?
how are u buddy
Idk maybe just make 10 chat everyday
Never step into that bro I got enough lesson
Regional channels usually help people connect in their own language or time zone, but global chats like this keep everyone together in one flow
Usually in discord but we need to wait for announcement
Guys I have a question what is an engage bot
twitter task will get us more points in future
What's your problem with voting?
I think its capped at 20 =10 points and 5 bonus per day
guys what need to do every day? im not sure i understand right anounce
how to engege with X POSTS
keep chilling mate
guys what need to do every day? im not sure i understand right anounce
Keep hard work Don't even miss one day
My bro can you gib me quick guide here?
sure what's new
Too bad for you. I hope you win more.
tnx bro! how many points u have buddy?!
Lolll great then
ama is usually held in Discord or in space X?
maybe onle 10 per day, i think so
Yeah thanks bro
I haven't been here for a long time Please remind me What were we doing here? Galxe or Zealy?
Good to see you! What's up today?
my voting is not happning what should i do
yeah guys keep supporting and helping each other by clearing their doubts
No risky no fun bro , IM lulusan Zeus bro
Nice to see strong partnerships already forming.
What are the daily points earned in coin-flip used for?
No bro it has limit 10 points per day
very highest risk
73 posts today - 10 points, where are the rest of the points?
this! thank you for reminder
That bet thing is so risky not gonna lie
check ur point bro
ok bro i'm a carefull gambler :
keep collecting points daily guys. Dont skip any day
day going good chilling here buddy
Glad to hear that! Wishing the rest of your Wednesday stays just as positive
soon please wait an grab points
why should anyone want regional channels then how we all be doing talks like this
i think only 10 point
I'm so sorry, my friend. It's disappointing.
Congratulations my friend. I'm very happy. Higher
i don t think so here is a limit ? can someone prove it ?
gonna be 75 soon my points are now
what with everyone whit off-topic. I think...
Wow that's great bro you should triple at coin flip bro
ohh risky bro
good night all
sweet keep collecting points daily
Every 20 messages is 10points right...no limit to it?
market is turning back i guess
sry bro I meant, how do I check the amount of xp?
What I can brother?
its normal without playing coinflip! keep goin you can reach 1000 points fam!
30 bro.. if win next i bet 20 but if lose, i bet 70 Simple coint flip
wow don't lose them
oh oke, thnx fot that info, :-
Yeah  never try that bro your soul will left your body bro
i have now 70 pts now , feeling good
oh man try later
what do you mean? I dont understand
Hey great ypu ?
Management hasn’t commented on this yet.  It’s a great suggestion, but let’s discuss it after the real OGs for optimum are confirmed.
great you are doing well and exceptional
Are you just spamming here?
yes you can
It’s rare to see such a technically solid project with this much hype.
keep working soon win
I just lost 2 prints, it's sad
Those who do these regularly can easily collect points.
It's a blessed Wednesday going day good and it's a nicest day
Sup mates here hru?
and how can I check the number of my accounts?
I already got 70 points by 2 days and I lost 40 points  hbu
Ahah I have only 50 at the moment Normal?
all in on flip
same always all the time
An excellent solution
ahh nice man
great to see everyone here doing great talks
how you doing today, any news
abhishek bhai u played today flik game or not
craaaazy winner is me:  Congrats! Your 4 points bet won you 12 points!  i have 132 now
i do not think so there maybe open soon
try big conversation bro
I can't even try it
For sure, it’s motivating when everyone’s pushing forward with the same vision
Yess bro.. but not risk if u win
Oh I see I see I will never play again bro
luck always lukcy againt me
Props to the moderators for keeping things clear and helpful.
you need another 831 points to keep your role
I am good! And you?
how many you bet for one game?
its luck based dude
we are all happy to making conversationa abt optimum
nahh bro to risk
So you reciived 35 points today?
Did anyone get points for their posts?
yes bro all are good...
greaaat bro keep going !
I am here to help people not for rewards btw I got 10 points
Good evening, friends Tell me, are there no regional channels here?
I’m suggesting optimum. It could be a fresh idea with the new community manager. What do you think?
take break sis
Only for OG role holders
I don't have access for #No Access
yes bro all are good...
i wanna ask one question is flip game is same for all users
There is regional chats here?
What is this task twitter? Where can I watch it?
anyone getting chatting points? do let me know
Bet u all point bro.. but limit 100/day
i have 129 points guys, its good ?
The part where you have to gamble points is disappointing.
If me my soul left my body bro
good sid whatsup
Feels good to be building the future together here.
i am good bro thanks
And what’s the reward?
How are you people?
How to make $1mil without kaito and discord roles?
thats perfect keep going, we aiming high
We’re all expecting to score the best points in this section! : Optimum needs to gear up for this, at least 5 tweets a day! :
I have 180 point on first day coint flip
dont trust too much on this
what is head and tails in coin flip channel ?
let's gooo  Congrats! Your 7 points bet won you 21 points!
u making any content today ?
be carefull guys! only bet under 10 points
For now, there are only the announcements. I hope Engage comes soon.
Omg I send almost 60 messages wow
ahh great man
Nice to meet you buddy
talk and chill sometimes play flip haha
by doing regular tasks and kindly be active here and do meaningful chats it will surely reach you to your destination my friend
Oh, I understand Thank you for your answer
You should just be active and engage with others while contributing
Wow you are great betting at coin flip
Really? That's too bad. You'll win next time.
glad to hear it sir check points
check it mate
when Tweets start getting points...I'll concider playing
10 points for every 20 substantial messages, 10 points for joining our weekly Community Calls, Up to 20 points for engaging with tweets,5 points for checking in daily in
It doesn’t seem like this option is available for optimum at moment, but it might happen in later phases after real OGs are selected.
day going good chilling here
How many points have you earned in the last two days?
i think this task only for OG cause tis event to filter OG
oh no. u have 100 points. thats to much for 4 days
whattt? you're crazy dude
Don't say like that brother..
Hum did I do something wrong?
how can i earn more points
Exactly, slow and steady growth usually beats chasing quick wins in the long run
10 sadly hahaha just started everything
yes i play that game but i am carefull and low bet player
How to achieve 1000 points
haha looks like you take too much trust
haha, lol its a big gambling with points
that guy having his lucky day really
wosap guys, how s yor day going ?
I am not a lucky man, I am sure I will lose all the points.
No gambler no fun.. but yesterday i lose 100 point , wkwkwkw
wish u good luck my bro
I'm fine. Thank you. What about you?
Oops! Your 150 points flipped away. Better luck next time!  ok
No problem bro just keep hard work bro
but maz bet 100 points and have chance 10x everyday
Damn that's lucky
nice buddy u going good
i am very good sir and you
Super bregy89, you're lucky It's so cool, want too
nice, keep grinding for more points
abhishek sher man how points u have
This part really disappoints me.
The idea of winning 500 points and losing on the flip haunts me
congrats mate hope to we win also i will try one day
congrats brooo  gamblers
Yess bro Bet u all point , and see u lucky or not
wow be carefull bro! dont bet high
70 points and lost 35 point  hbu
how much points you bet
yeah 10 perecnt of total requirement
Yeah true, that’s the risky part when the stake goes up
oh sorry i read wrong text, i think you asking but actually you answer questions.. my bad
i am fine bro how ur day going
60 points won from Lucky Flip! IM win again bro ,
How did you get so many points? betting?
good day buddy
Anyone from turkey
2 days and got a lot did you win coin flip?
how are you bro,,hope still good
Same here bru
I think it's very good. Congratulations.
Good time to be learn english
Except you're in Ukrainian chat, and I'm in Russian.
Feels good to be building the future together here.
you r leader nrx group btw where r from we will help u in optimum serer
yoo to much,how you get it bro
True, increasing stakes can be risky. Better to focus on steady points before taking bigger risks
bro try good message coz team checking
Right brother, heeyyy how much u point?
let's complete much task bro
wow so much! you are a legend coin flipper?!
Yes, but will be better when you bet all in here
Hum what do you mean bro I don't know
yes thats good bro, dont play game
good and u ?
Probably, but it depends on the project’s schedule. Staying active throughout is the safest bet
for day three i think much better
Wow really? Can't believe it, amazing
I think we shouldn't be biased.
of no man
nice buddy keep contributing
i have 129 points guys, its good ?
But Nice to meet you again bro you are my friend's friend, right?
i hav e 17 poinys niw
It's a good app. The importance of OG is brought to light.
I have 290 point bro .. And u?
learn bro just asking if you dont understand
how can I check my points? or can check another?
Are there any opportunities for the community in the future? Do you have any information?
optimum server is good everybuddy is talking to each other polity but you are not hh
How long have you been here, brother?
when will the posts start to get 20 points for them?
Ahahah Yes, it is me fren Nice to meet you
i hav e25 points now sir
If you not lucky, go to church, and pray to god
not much dude just 107
pretty bad its raining heavily here in my city
ahh good man wbu ?
how many points you have at all?
yes yes bro surely. why not
how ur day going
You can use Google translate bro keep hard working bro
u can read here. and do it quickly
sometimes good but if not lucky so sad
Nice. I see you in ZenChain
check here mate
I agree with you my friend. This could have a good outcome.
game on guys
nice to hear buddy dinner done ?
True, increasing stakes can be risky. Better to focus on steady points before taking bigger risks
missed you too, let's coinflip for points
yes bro surely. also help me
tonight feels so quiet bro that I can't sleep
How can earn point sir
Yes u can brother.. kep it up
you beat me. I have 10 points
i am good bro thanks
Hum I don't remember bro I have many friends in every sever
I need regional chat I don't know English well
check here submit /profile
daaamn good result, i have 85 already, gambling is good
optimum has rised 11 million fund you know guys , am i right
i am good bro. how are you??
Hey everyone, is there anything new?
I got daily limit I am here with you bro
The idea of winning 500 points and losing on the flip haunts me
Quickly I wish I could
30 bro how about you ?
We will try to protect it. All together.
do CC Discord on site then wait 10 second then u acn see vote oftion
can i get 50 points per day
amazing!! good luck!
i think have problem cause same happen to me
how ur day going
In a day, how many points can you get per post?
I just warning him bro not rude If not he will lose Oh , right?
how are u ?
Totally! Supporting promising projects early can be really rewarding.
tonight feels so quiet bro that I can't sleep
No Yuki, but we are 1 server on u name server
what. no way. you won too much
At the moment I have 45 Wbu
Congrats! Your 9 points bet won you 27 points!
What makes you restless, my dear?
just click and bet with minimum 2 coins
i'm chill, earning points, play coin flip?
you can check this update
Yep 20 Points atleast they are so flip we will take to the ending of campaign
i voted for top gg but did not get the points
yeah bruh , very risky
how many pts you have atm?
Keep farm for Secure OG
sure buddy we try best
so far good how much i get
Probably, but it depends on the project’s schedule. Staying active throughout is the safest bet
give me some $
ok ok i won another 6 points:  Congrats! Your 2 points bet won you 6 points!
Bet again brother.. beting all u point
have we have twitter-engage?
x engage must be on 20 or 30 points. I prefer not using flip.
I earned %3 lets go optimum chat
Thanks! Yeah, staying cautious is important, especially online.
Okay. Let's save some points first.
I got daily limit I am here with you bro
welcome back mate
hee hee, keep granding for OG
Thanks for the answer
i am good bro thanks
im good too brother glad to see you bro
good night mate, sleep well
i think the random, nothing else
nice to see you here
optimum server is good everybuddy is talking to each other polity but you are not hh
Yeah I should be calm down
Simply I can use /profile dude no need to worry about calculator
What's up, dude? What do you need ASAP?
I Miss u tou
This is exactly the type of project I wanted to support early.
yess my points right now 30. hahaha
Nice! I’m from Pakistan. Always cool to see people joining from all over the world.
Hey Have we ever met I don't remember bro
Where traditional protocols compromise scalability for safety, Optimum delivers all three pillars—speed, security, and decentralization—without trade-offs
Good night fam
All of them? Man you've gotta grind more and gamble less
im good brother, what about you
thank bro keep chating
August 18 to Sep 15 Campaign 27 Days Daily Points -> 5 Check in 5 Replying 10 daily per 20 Message 5 or maybe 10 for Vote It makes 30 Points 3027=810 Left with 190 they can be done by flipping or X raids
i have 121 points at all
yoo really?b aware dude stay safe
How r u buddy
How much u lost point bro?
When will it be engage ?
True, increasing stakes can be risky. Better to focus on steady points before taking bigger risks
you can choose head or Tailes
keep stay mate
Just 10 points bro no hard work no Og bro
bro i stating today
how many points max you reach daily mate? I just can reach 25 points
if you wanna check your current point just use /profile command on
Choose Heads or Tails and make ur bet - min - 2, max - 100 3x for win
This should be checked I think.
You sitting here all day? or you have any plans today
Got it. Thank you. There are many bets. Are we betting on the lowest one?
I lost the points:(
speed boost bro but we will see soon what will hapeen
I do not recommend you to bet, work and win.
just pick the option then fill your bet
i will bet now! lets see what will happen
how many point did u have?
Yuki Kun.. long time no seee
hey mister abdullah what is your points?
Good plan! The calculator definitely helps keep track and avoid mistakes.
You only have 25+ days bro be careful or you will lose your Og
you guys should be careful because i guess when you eventualy increas stake thats where you wil lose
hey aj buddy
I'm joining from Turkey, from the city of Denizli, where are you from my friend
how are u ?
thank you thank you bro! i hope best luck for you all guys
just chilling, ready to chat mate tbh
happy when I can help everyone do right things here
And engage but i cant see any engage right
hope the period not too short mate. Maybe 6 hours period.
How to play coin flip. Can someone explain? Does anyone know?
oh no. I cant do that. how many point we can have from chat per day?
Nice info bro
Not system glitches bro it's my fault
ohh okey congratulations. hahaha
Probably, but it depends on the project’s schedule. Staying active throughout is the safest bet
you can choose head or Tailes
Thanks, that explains a lot
coin flip is so risky
stay to get point
Be active here Daily check Vote Every 12 hours /vote
yes brother u r also
Yeah, accumulating stuff is definitely the better way to go then.
That’s right then it’s better to accumulate.
no lost! i just winn points, my 100 points is earned from coin flip
thank you osman you are my real brother lets go osman
do you think will be retroactive campaign later?
how are u ?
Wow you are near to me bro
I did but I think I shouldn't have lol
Check for the lastest update
hey fam whats going on
it's strange that it only shows 18 points
Next time I will be careful Using the calculator tho don't worry
Yep! Steady and quiet posting is the best way to rack up points safely.
It seems like it hasn't started yet, just wait for the announcement
There might be timer tho Let's wait and see
good luck bro. 3x 3x = 9
hhahhaha but poor guy used logic aptly
should i connect my wallet guys ?
hahaha mate , you won thats great
no worries, keep earning those points
thanks for your great
wow congorculations brother
u are welcome mate
Are you from india bro
Imagine what DeFi apps could do with Optimum speed.
lucky... how many points did u lost :
It really works, thanks buddy.
Omg you have 10000+ Iq in mathematics bro you should use calculator
imagine if you beting 30 pts
Going smooth and just need to vote and get points but we need to login first i guess
Optimum addresses the hidden cost of decentralization: latency. It ensures that blockchains can scale without sacrificing fault tolerance or security
Haha, exactly! Sometimes points or rewards just vanish if the system glitches
good i was geting of india
How to play coin flip. Can someone explain?
its goooood?!  Congrats! Your 3 points bet won you 9 points!
what is the criteria of legit talk here
sweet keep stacking those points quietly
How are things, my dear? Explain more.
thank you osman you good helper
np. you are welcome
Can't reclaim bro disappear in the air like an oxygen bro
do you think x engage period will be long?
okay bro, how much grab points u
Gap to ⁠│points-check and write "/profile" command
my pleasure dude,let's grinding harder
Ah, that explains it! When the bot is overloaded, some commands or points might not register properly.
108 points 10% done 90 left
how else are we gonna get it?
# All things you should know ## How to earn pts? - Check in - 5 pts/day - Chat via meaningful messages - max 15 pts/day (messages +replies - Vote: and use /vote (12 hours/vote, up to 20 pts if you're lucky - : high risk high reward, it's up to you, I say NO ## Check pts: visit and use /profile ## Clean our space:  Report bots/farmers/copy-paste  ## Save OG role  Possible? Sure, work hard and discipline and AVOID GAMBLING 1️⃣ Messages+Vote+Checkin: max points/day: 30 points Total: 30x29 = 870 pts 2️⃣ Weekly Call: 4x10=40 pts (supposed 1 Call/Week 3️⃣ So we only need 5 tweets anymore but be sure we will have >5 tweets in 29 days REAL OGs= Contribution, kind, active NOT farming
It's moving so fast here, I can't keep up
how to participate twitter engage
Man I don't deal with coin flip no more that game is rigged for sure, I've got no doubt in my heart that it's rigged
guys im backed, wusup today
Where I am from Myanmar bro
thanks bro for guide me
thanks for your advice ser,so the problem.anw you can get 10pts on vote?
where can i see my current points ?
This could seriously improve on-chain gaming performance
What are the ways to earn points..can you guide me please
Gg guys how's the grind going
How to earn points
that sucks go reclaim those points
sister got it , u r from there lolll
Most blockchains rely on best-effort scalability, leaving performance at the mercy of network conditions; Optimum introduces a deterministic, network-level upgrade that guarantees faster, more reliable transactions.
Not yet It will be posed here
agree. 12pm utc will reset task
i am not sure bro.. pls asked to mode
is my big brother my abi. lets go ömer
Try everyday to get 35 points daily for 25 day
How to earn point sir?
yep, i'm safe
no not right now it will be active later stay tuned
we should engage on twitte to get to 1000 points !
It's so busy, I can hardly find you.
thank your for your help mate
1 time head, then head
ok bro thanks for tell me
Yeah, sometimes points for votes take time to register, or there might be a delay in the system. If it doesn’t show after a while, you might need to check with the admin.
you bet how many percent from your points?
there not available ATM keep eye on
ömer tekin where are you brother ?
No more try bro I got enough lesson
You are welcome champ
may be 12 PM UTC bro
Optimum MOniA on fireeee
It works well, use the /profile command
can you answers my question about twitter tasks ? it has started ?
Yes you are absolutely right but it's little bit tough to do
indian user u are it seems here
Thanks for the advice Janeth
i lost 30 pts yesterday lmao
how we can reach 1000 points
when Task will be reset ?
yep let's pump points together
please fix the bot that displays points
Okay, i am curious to know how many points did you earn in a single day? I would appreciate you
Today I got too but I lost 5 points and I only have 30
Wow that's really massive, we go again tomorrow.
If Optimum delivers on its promises, adoption will be huge.
Exactly! Playing it safe with messages is much more reliable than risking points with coin flips.
just imitate me  hahahahaa
You’re lucky! Tell me, which side of the coin did you pick lol
So sad ending
today just 5point
twitter engage tasks has started guys ?
I am stupid enough to try bro
By leveraging Random Network Linear Coding (RLNC, Optimum reimagines how blockchain networks transmit and validate data—eliminating the bottlenecks that slow down transaction throughput
I am from Turkey, my brother lives in Denizli, a city famous for its kebabs.
Dude, 35 points yesterday was awesome!
You can use to gamble . It's not adviceable though, but if u want you can try
that alot bro. I lost 10 points
What exactly are considered quality messages?
Based on the system, every 20 substantial messages give 10 points. So your daily total depends on how many messages you post. Hitting 1k points by the end is possible, but it requires consistent posting of meaningful messages every day
Now 45 points. No more game today bye bye friends
Unfortunately, messages alone won’t be enough for 1,000 points : (
let's grind and flex those points
Dude, 35 points yesterday was awesome!
What are the ways to earn points guys?
Yesterday 35 points bro a lot bro
talk with y later mate
Good luck champ
submit /profile here
Sure buddy I will inform you & you can check regularly
Haha, yeah, it’s risky! Better stick to earning points through messages if you want guaranteed progress
Some poeple win i just wait and see than use flip
optimum bullish eweryhere optimum monia
via engaging to x post , daily check -in and help others
It's good to see you here
Haha, yeah, it’s risky! Better stick to earning points through messages if you want guaranteed progress
Win 15 points now
bye bye guys, i have to sleep now
Yeah now I have 30 points in my mind I want to play
Profile Enter command
You are to bro , i know ahaha
Agree with you
you play flip too? You wanna burn points?
Great bro Wish you a great day
tomorrow i will play again flik game
How do we get extra points
Exactly, better to keep messages meaningful—spamming can backfire and cost points
You can leave links to your content here –
double your bet
ömer tekin where are you brother ?
haha you got a good lession, keep working hard bro
stay safe, sneak those extra points
Community Calls will also be starting soon.
how many point u lost?
Scaling Ethereum with this tech would be massive.
You are just like me bro never step into it bro
I won 18 points today,no more play for today.i will play tomorrow with minimum amount
sure mate, do it
How to win all time any idea
Do you mean, I should remain active on DC or twitter. Where should I post a Quality content?
Absulutely bro , i do that , check daily , check flip daily vs
Does anyone know the name of this character?
True! Staying active and posting quality messages is key, but extra points always help boost progress faster.
use /profile mate. It will works
ahahahahaha. lets go optimum family
Is he here too, brother? Then woe is us, brother.
Starting all over again, don't give up
maybe i'm going to sleep, too tired now
yess I know it,the problem is why i haven't point after vote on topgg,but the other one I have
just write "/" and use comand
I will not play it again bro
What's your experience with the coun flip game; I lost so many points playing that
What are you afraid of?
Optimum tackles the Blockchain Trilemma head-on, offering a solution that doesn’t force developers to choose between decentralization, security, and scalability
wow good result but be careful
How can be bro so many people win
Without that, we can't make 50+ points right
It's gambling bro,it's luck
Yeah, it's all about consistently posting good stuff; some folks just nail it with their dedication.
Probably by posting a lot of meaningful, relevant messages consistently. Some people just stay very active and focused on quality content.
guys what is the command in POINTCHECK to check my point?
ready to grind for points
Loss n loss
okei, totally agree, 100b fwwd
gmum reza zarrab. how are you?
me too. I lose 10 points....sad
it's must playing coin-flip to get 35++ in single day
Good days are waiting for us, so let's prepare for what we will do with all this money
yes mate, I'm same like Galileo ha ha
here submit /profile
Yeah I lost all my points you are lucky bro
Youre right I’m also scared of it now.
nah i’m not playing anymore, don’t wanna lose everything
Haha, easy mistake! Yeah, almost a month gives you more time to reach your points steadily.
Cross-chain support could make Optimum the standard layer.
you've tried coinflip bro? should not play if y don't want to loose it
Try not to collect points, friends. Otherwise, the role will be lost. Be reasonable, I think.
When new tasks Maybe engage or Ama
brother pls dont fade. 100b fdv
Gap to and write "/profile" command
how to cheak my poient
nah i’m not playing anymore, don’t wanna lose everything
is where you ccan track points and see the balance
u can see your point under , have a mini chanel for that
Any event going on guys
It's hard to reach 1k pts now. Anyone knows how can we earn over 50+ PTS everyday?
Yeah, breaking it down daily makes it more manageable. Consistent effort will get you there
How are you doing guys
Wow you must be iq 100000+ ,bro
How can be bro so many people win
moniaa my brother how are you today?
i cant should wait 12h
kkkk, why not 1000b. it's super bullish
today i won , 35 points loss oh my god
Better luck next time.i hope you will win
Nice start! Keep focusing on meaningful messages to steadily earn points—it’s more reliable than gambling
You are right you need to flip coin for 300 points
My friend, try not to spam. Tag someone.
Wellcome mate Nice to see you here
oh bro, be careful with this game
I will never step into that
So, what's interesting here, friends?
I see one guy able to earn 200+ points in a single day without any gambling. How does it happen?
vote again. lets try it
Thanks for the all informations guys but still we need extra points
ha ha, you are right. I count 18 Aug - 15 Sept as 15 days  i
you got lucky, i lost 10 today
optimum 10 billion fdvvvv
apparently, the bot is heavily overloaded and does not work on command(
Grinding , dialy claim , vote profile check and maybe use flip
crypto is all about risking with some amount of logic
guys why i haven't point after vote on topgg?
Yeah, I understand because the same thing happened with me too.hahaha
Totally agree with that for sure
Exactly! Quality over quantity keeps you safe and still earns points.
I got 6 points in the flip game
I only have 30 now yesterday I lost 35 points
thank you so much mate I did that already
How about X posts? Do we get points?
Right but bro what I’ll do off those 700 points if I will not qualify for REAL OG
Maybe use some flip ahaha but its okey :.
oh no. I will miss it. I just got 10 points
The dev team’s consistent communication is a big strength for Optimum
i didnt know there is a limit for general chat sighhhhhh
I wouldn't dare to do that
you are wlcome ser.
how points u have collacted now
How bro tell me how
Absolutely! Consistent quality messages help both the community and your points.
the main thing is not to skip any days
Haha, true! But better stick to earning points the smart way with messages.
I wish you the same but I'm not a bro
I am glad you are happy, let's see what more we will do in web3 and what kind of craziness awaits us.
So In Total how many points can we make everyday? Is that possible to hit 1k pts at the end ?
Maybe you are right  I think I did it
i don't think so, why only 10 point per day?
We have 25 days and need daily points 40 just like that
lets go optimum fam dont fadeee
you can check here
Damn, that’s bad I guess I’ll have to grind in the coin flip game
how to check point
What do you mean why 100 point ? That’s my total point for today
OMG, I really wrong about total days. I count it as 15 days . It is almost 1 month.
Looks like you’re a gambler..
stay active do not spam unnecesarry texts else admin will make us pay
go to and do daily check-in
Reaching 1k is possible, but it’ll take consistent effort and posting lots of quality messages over time.
Thank you very much friend
Right now I’ve 46 points and it’s day two for me and gambling with Coin flip can only thing that can beat the crowd
In announcement say 1.month campaign
coin flik i guess and votes in 12h and daily check nd chat in general
That's right. Thank you for your useful information.
good but i have not point
sweet, keep messaging to earn points
bro optimum fam this is so good
yeap, not try enough  , need more
Check to see if you had updates on your activities here
They said 20 texts can gives me only 10 points everyday. So I don't think this actually works . What do you think
yes i will check bro
Haaha u need 25++ day gor get 700pts then u all in, if lose
check and type /profile to check
Men do anything possible to grab that role not relenting at all chad
you’ll only get 10 points cuz the chatting limit is 10 points per day for 20 messages
Yeah, sometimes info spreads in chat before official announcements. It’s always safer to follow what’s posted officially
just talk and get point 1000 not prossible
i will reach 500 points and risk it all
It will be easier if the engage channel is opened in a short time.
OMG, I really wrong about total days. I count it as 15 days . It is almost 1 month.
I only got 30 points today what did I miss
written as daily quest
Am also wondering whether there is a limit for the total post created in a day. It seems 10 points = 20 posts is the max
Just talk a lot I guess
We might do gambling at the end
This is possible reach 1k ? Anu idea
i dont know bro. 1 second i ccheck it
Can I know what's the best possible way to earn points ? How can I hit 1k message within these days. I started today.
u can try to get it now by chatting
guys, how do I see how many points I have?
why 100 point? is 10 point indeed
not many I just begun I had messages before but I guess they dont count
Looks like you’ve made your point. Safuuu
are you try coin flip sir? haha
it's in southeast asia island nation  bro
I'm glad I met you and that you have this spirit.
This project continues to evolve in a steady and professional manner
I'm fine, man, thank you for seeing me as one of the family. How's the family?
It's unlikely the team can earn points that way; it's just not feasible.
It seems simple to an active person like me.
Yep, that’s right. Every 20 substantial messages give 10 points, so it adds up slower than some might expect
maybe team make earn way point others way..not prossible
True OG means you need to try everything mate
not good for 4 days, but not bad
I'm fine...how many points have you got bro, I only got a few
Next time read carefully or you will miss Og
I got only 5 points
dude i will earn earn 1k pts soon , my name is optimus prime
simple question??? - if i chat 100 mess a day, how many point will i get for chat??????????????
I haven’t seen this in the announcements, but people are talking about it in the chat I don’t know where the info about the limit comes from
this coinflip is my thing as a gamble addict lol
Mfers motivating boys
just won 15 from 5 points bet recently on flip, you can try that later hehe
Yeah, 1000 stars is a big goal! I don’t think there’s a strict limit, but it’ll take steady participation to reach it
We need flip coin ahaha otherwise we cant
So do you think you'll hit 1000 points within these remaining days ? Or what do you do to increase your points ?
This was great. Thank you.
It means, 20 messages gives me only 10 points in total. That's not 200 points exactly damn I got mis information
This night will get me 100 point from second voting
20 messages per day is a really low limit, could’ve been a bit more
hey my brother aqlam how are you?
Have you got this… I think so.
When you got 1000 points and go to play with max points betting with my idea
i think its the best way to find true OG
20 messages per day?
Exactly, this way it's not possible to reach 1000 points . What do you think?
70 point for 4 days, how about y bro?
we gotta keep stacking those points
Each Optimum release feels carefully tested and properly deployed
Absolutely! Consistent quality messages help both the community and your points.
This is so helpfull bro thanks
Can already picture future protocols being built on this.
we don't have tweeter engagement for now
hope so, but its not easy to collect points
hey nigeria fam welcome how are you?
just 10point 20message
Exactly, this way it's not possible to reach 1000 points within 18 days from now. What do you think?
Most definitely. What's your experience with the game?
yesss 20 messages one day for ten points
yeah, that would be way too easy
If you think you can gamble with coin flip then earn 700 pints then put all in you are in luck you will get all 1000 points it’s worth for try
Yeah we need supportive human for better
The messages are really fast here… it feels nice.
thanks for all these info my friend it will be very helpfull for people over here
Greetings brother, congratulations to you too, I wish you continued success
How many points have you accumulated so far
not catch up your mean, bro
Reminder that we can't get up 1k points with all this task
do it every day my bro
campaign started on 18 yesterday mate. And I started join campaign on 19.
why be disappointed everything has to go on right you can not give up
Totally agree! The roadmap looks solid and worth following closely
Pts from msg it's limit
Engage x maybe have 24 hours in every post
nigeria familia so power. lets go nigeriaaa
Where is Indonesia, my friend?
me so curious about this
You're Nigerian bro.. that's really cool, how are things there?
yeah but we need 1k points fam how many hours should one invest in a chat
I lost yesterday bro I will never go there again
So, 20 messages only gets me 10 points? That's way less than I was told!
It means, 20 messages gives me only 10 points in total. That's not 200 points exactly damn I got mis information
try refreshing it might show soon
i'll try later, but when i have more than 1000 point kkk
alright fam lets start it then
waiting for gamble bro?
Greetings brother, how are you? I haven't seen you for a long time.
did you like it naughty nigeria ?
Some people have made good points.
27 days left bro we can do it with flik game and with vote , daily claim, and chat
i think it’ll be in all regions
maybe u can get it back tomorrow
Where did you read about this limit?
nice to meet you fam I'm from nigeria too
daily check-in │task-center = 5 points vote ⁠ │points-check type /vote = 5 points each per 12 hours grinding 20 meaningful chat = max 10 points per day replying other char = max 5 points per day betting your points ⁠ │coin-flip = depends on your luck
True! Though hitting that many would take serious dedication, haha
I don't think so because that is not too difficult
Are there any interesting news about the project?
Very good. We can collect points by chatting.
1000 points and how long does it take my friend and is it easy to earn
maybe all point add autocratic
It’s actually easy my friend In one hour you can achieve the 10 point from chatting
Everyday you can earn 25 points ? When did you starts contributing to the project. And remains active here in chat ?
i am from indonesia how about you?
Glad to hear! Excited to see what everyone will share and learn here
It's great that you're not disappointed.
wow too long mess bro, nice try
i hope for my region bro
Daily 20 messages = 10 points, limit
my name is teyrebaz i from nigeriaa
waiting for the coin flip is that right
yeah, messages need to be longer than 15 characters
Absolutely! Staying supportive will help the project grow even more.
Good and try with max points betting
start it over again
Good idea, I think the team has that in their plans
not easy with the cooldown
i hope so for my region
How many texts should I need to text over here to earn points ? I heard everyday I can earn 200 points for 20 meaningful messages? Does it review manually by team ?
i'll try, gotta collect more points
why did you miss the match bro? are you busy?
I really don't know how to reach that 1000 points only 18 days . Daily just 25 total
Engage x maybe have 24 hours in every post
me too mate , just wait
substantial messages mean just being active here?
bro how are you and where are you from?
Prbably maybe need some point
Almost lost all my points on the flip game
hopefully there will be regional channels here someday
whats going on
Don't play if you don't like Risk
hahaha, thanks for your really cool idea
Exactly, according to that system, you only get points for every 20 substantial messages. Writing more than that in a day doesn’t give extra points, so it’s better to focus on quality messages that actually relate to Optimum or their updates. If you want, I can help you craft 20 solid messages quickly so you hit the points efficiently.
lets push the point mate
I think there are no limits, my friend.
we are waiting for new optimum post
that's a lot. I just know that if played flid would give a lot of points. I will do that soon
long journey to reach that
# Grindoors… sure everyone is stacking up
40 points everyday for now. Plus later wiil be points for twetter and comunity callls. So the goal is not so hard
Maybe  we might get 200points per task
thats too risk mate. How can you risk your points?
maybe they are not update yet
Ok my friend is trying every day no matter what we have to move forward
Not sure bro, just waiting on the team to drop the next one  Hope it’s soon so we can farm some points again
thanks for your info bro
No, as far as I know. I think we’re supposed to get 10 points for every 20 messages
waiting for twitter engage
Glad to hear! Excited to see what everyone will share and learn here
yeap mate, here my 4th day
I give you all idea I also tried that before  you know what I mean
dude today i played flik game AND earn 30 points
I guess not many mate lol I wish we didnt have cooldown here
İ cant see any engage right ?
Yeah i'm waiting buddy
Thaks bro, what are you talking about today?
i can see it, try refreshing
twittter tasks are currently not active it will be active later this week
%2 finish lets go %98. so close right
do it now bro
to see how many OG we have left after the campaign ends
I suggest you put it on charge
yes that gamble not good
i hope so, waitiing more task to earn more point
So the points for every 20 messages will be given manually or how does it work ?
Yes, the situation is really very difficult.
I thought the limit was 20 messages.
I know that will be limited time task like This will end in 10 minutes
Just keep trying every day and your points will increase over time, right my friend?
If happen thats great
When you win  and when you loose
Ooo bro how are you  ahaha i love the see you
Not sure you can reach the minimum threshold doing just that
but on twitter engage up to 20
Halo friends, how are you? How is your day going? If you ask about me, I'm fine.
I need to send messages but my phone isn’t charged.
Always interacting with others here, yapping on x, etc. Once you have done it all, then you get your 20 points or even more.
maybe they will fix it later
wait team solving br
Maybe the team is setting up the Engage bot
mr. abdullah welcome brotherrrr
hahaha, you only guide us but never tried, bad friend
So don't play that bro you only have 30% chance to win
daily, I just can collect 25 points. X engage must be on 50 points
I will be there no matter what. We go harder
dont worry, earn points again
let's try to earn each point together my friend don't be discouraged and give up my friend
Yeah bro that's problem
yes i hope can achieve that
come here we need to chat
Always thats like be mate
to see how many OG we have left after the campaign ends
u can risk with 5 point one time for safe
And there were no tasks with Twitter activity for points?
There are different ways You can write 40 meaningful messages and get 20 points
brother when will get new twitter post of optimum
Can you see the channel?
it is better to collect points everyday, and at the end you will definitely achieve 1000
hahaha lets go optimum familia
hard luck bro but i think from tomorrow i will not bet more than 5 today in greedyness i bet 30 then 15
congrats to you broski
Yeah I tried and 0 points  never try that bro
you will try it? or never?
just don’t go all-in
Keep flipping and you’ll end up losing the OG too.
how many points did my friend earn i only got 10 points so boring
thank you for information mate
No clue bro, but i think 10 pts will be good
thats too risk mate. How can you risk your points?
im curious too waitting for ama
every weeks maybe will good for all
cool tip, have yo ever tried
Yeah but I am not free the hole day
my point i check it right now 20
Indeed that's the bad aspect
the real game start now, proof yourself that you are OG and mainnet your reputation in short period of time
When is the next AMA? Maybe it’s worth adding an events page
try toggling channel notifications in settings tbh
cause high risk high return right?
So how do we get 20 points?
That's cheat ... Gamble responsibly.
better get started now before its too late buddy i also got only 10 points
try 20 messages a day to get point right my friend
i dont want this bro
U never miss if u check it everyday bro
congrat bro u get how many point
correct, some bad day will burn our effort
Gambling, as the name suggests, means you lose.
keep grinding or lose!
Yeah, it's still down, we're all anxiously waiting for it to work!
yes it is not working yet. we are all looking forward to it
Close your eyes and press one button then boommmm
If they have to award of role by accumulating points on discord then why did they assign og roles at first place through galxe quest...it's total waste of time.... Think about it guys...
I also noticed that there are no posts for interaction, even though there were new tweets recently
so scare about that to be honest
nice trick thank bro
keep farming you got this
what do you mean main task?
and how is lost? how is rate?
it has not started yet, right? I'm curious how much points from x engage later
Gambling is the easiest route but too risky
Now I feel scared to try again.
if can't reach 1k maybe i will play
hard luck bro but i think from tomorrow i will not bet more than 5 today in greedyness i bet 30 then 15
yes i mean
I can wait I am afraid that I might get miss
When start main task bro
I've seen people posting that they have 200+ points
Keep supporting who just newly joined this server
Engage channel is not active?
or never at all
hahha, maybe i'll try sometimes
greedy Equal to Billionare or Roadwala
you got this, keep farming
dont gamble bro, do it normal
What do you want to win bro coin flip?
No clue brother, all we can do only wait
yess i won several time
How to get all the points while engaging which is the technical term we must use to get 10 points of 20 text messages
Yes,, now i win
up brother up lets go bismilll
Overall, it’s random, only luck will help here
it's still very early
Let's say if you win with a high bet, you have to make a couple of low ones, lose on them, then resume high betting
Is God not a Good God??
hows it cooking cool guzs
maybe next time, now i choice low risk action
have y won anytime?
Yeah bro I lost because of greed..
but if not tommorow maybe next years haha
how to win my bro
The next bull run could highlight projects like Optimum
maybe u can filp to get 19 points back
Dude, that's rough! I felt the same pain today, went from 63 coins to 14 – brutal luck.
same happends with me today bro is started coin flip with 63 now ends with 14 lol
Sorry i mean if it has started
Nah, I only won once out of 3 lol
dont play sir pls try to understand
i lost 10 today and i’m not gonna play that anymore
keep playing, maybe tomorrow you win
Check point or check what bro do you need my support bro if you need just tag the name
I lost my 19 points
you playing that any suggestions about how much bet for better result?
yes bro do it
you always win mate? You are so brave buddy
noooooooooo? really brother?
10 points for every twenty meaningful chats
Then get point bro go and vote now twice aday
okk thats great looks like real projects for humans i guess
I agree, I'm going to flip a coin.
cool, keep farming those points
come here and put /vote and send then u can Grab 5 pts
u can play with small point its will more funny
i lost 50 points today in coin flip
Yesterday I lost everything in a flip.
10 point for 20 messg with 15+ character bro
How did you do that  What a crazy points
But when will it start  I want 200 points from that
15 long words. Should I need to make it a long 15 words sentences? abcd Is a word
Yeah even with 50 chance it's still high risk
wan a try a gamble?
Min is 2 and Max is 100 3x for win
ok bro if you know any more information please let me know my friend how many points do you get each time you vote
I like that OGs are being tested to prove real activity.
x engage started? I check not available at the moment
20 message get 10 points .
I tire maybe  because og role holders are too much
only 10 points till now
I'm good. Let's earn points fam
If you bet a lot, and if you come up with a risk strategy, it's no big deal
how much bet and how much you playing?
what is your points now ????
realy bro, thats is possible
You can vote at and type /vote and go
25 messages for how much points
why good bro
wait bro, team will add
The coin flip makes things interesting, win or lose.
ok buddy if you know any more information please let me know my friend
to earn points that we gain every day
Yeah, but if engage pts started we can get 40pts a day
How did you make I’m still at a very low number.
We have about 25 days. Its end 15.09
btw, when the first engage task come out?
it's so gambling, 50:50 is too risk
yess i think it worth
claim reward daily and voting maybe my suggests
If they have to award of role by accumulating points on discord then why did they assign og roles at first place through galxe quest...it's total waste of time.... Think about it guys...
Push different buttons at all times, that's my tactic
Check the last 2 announcements, everything is explained there -
you can check your point in type /profil
it ends on september 15
i see only total points, i thought i check point specific to task
they are doing pretty good
team too slow
just wait bro\
How many days left to end this event please
worth it to playing or not?
Where vote to go
yesss keep active here and become a real OG
I'm doing well, I'm doing all the activities, how are you?
I like that Optimum rewards both effort and consistency.
142 so far, hopefully I'll get something more for socializing today
Daily claim and 25 massage chat then 19 points Today
bruh u can check it in channel also tell me how many points u got
Oh nice bro. How can we make more points?
team sir...point not add yet then why og role gone 15sep
Maybe but with pts from engage x
0 bro pfff but today 100 point after
let's chase those points together
i won many time and i think it worsth to risk
Oh that's is very few it is better 40 points
like abcd word ... hope got it now
I'm doing my best, and so are you?
The campaign feels like a mini competition within the community
U nees luck for that buddy
how are you sasnik brother?
Not enough in my Honest opinion!
I’m good too. How many points have you made?
thanks for info bro
How much have you won, more do you lose?
do you think can reach that on 14?
where u checck point?
wait until the end date and filter will know
yes sir, just sometime feeling it.
whare i need to replay sir
What does it mean, ? 15 words or text messages? Or what ? I am not getting this tbh.
55 points how much you have?
good evening for you too bro
Daily claim and 25 massage chat then 19 points Today
u can type yourr name at search bar
Really  I want more bro
Yeah u right, 15 september
Do you think more rewards will come after this OG campaign?
Good evening bro goood you?
How many points have you made so far?
wait bro, team will add
And how many users started farming points to save OG's role?
Good evening Optimum Fam
Any one know how to check numbers of text you have sent?
Seems like that but it was my first and last bet because I never want to lose my points
You can check your score here by typing /profile
only u can earn max 10 points in single day
From vote : 10 pts, chat 10pts, daily 10pts, repply 5pts
I'd like to try and get those points, maybe they do it on purpose so less people get them
It's capped at 10 points daily
wha u mean bro
Just wait for it mate. The system will automatically adds that.
be a human being . chat for community support
Good evening bro how are you
How can I set up my twitter ?
that's my question too
I know I want to know about max points we can get by chatting
you need to send here 20 sms also incliding minimum 15 carecters
Only og role members can access this
Good evening Fam,ilia
I’m fine brother. How are you? How is it going?
so agree with u about that
coinflip is like burning points for me
everytime bro come on
Yeah, anyone can vote on the second website, no problem.
25 massage but 19 points Daily claim
anybody can vote on the second site?
Well, the day has passed, good evening to all
my point not add why
anybody know when tge bro?
If it's time then , it's clearly mentioned in the announcement Which is 15th september
and what is this limitation?
yes, totally agree with y, mate
hard work and lost all points LOL
I want to know max point per day
thats cool but will keep pushing
20 message 10 point mate let go for it
sometimes like that i dont know maybe team can answer or fix that
High risk high reward buddy
Sure, I mean the limit to check the score is what day, if not enough then lose the role of OG ad my friend
I like that we can all track our progress transparently.
keep push the point mate
and how to check points balance?
please check here mate and you can check your point here and type /profile
How to I get access to the channel?
serko how are you dude?
10 point vevery 20 chat bro
How are you? How did the day go? Did you complete all the assignments?
No voting points for me why??
LoL I lost 2 points on coinflip bet, better luck next
Whats up yall ? How can I learn my points ?
good night sir from IND . keep farm daily
25 and u??
guys, chat is boring, sometime i really don't know how to chat
U get 10 pts with 20 msg brother
i think at least won one or two time
Well then, let's watch a bit, if we don't see any sensible development, we'll skip it and let them play themselves.
Good evening Fam, good you?
Grinding hard to retain og status
There's no max for messages, but there's a cap for points earned daily
Greetings, friends. Will the new tasks come?
Hey guys hope you all have a great night
55 points but i still positive thinking
how you do it dude?
i hope so bro we have lives outside of discord
Yes I have known and heard about it a lot during the day thank you very much
wish you to secure the OG too buddy
good evening missha
Yesterday yes, today I will try, maybe there is some kind of tactic?
Maybe his mean limig time
How many points you've grabbed
how are you familia
How many points we can get by chatting in discord
Good evening Fam, how are you?
i'm not clear but i think should not limit
Dude, it's really tough, how many points do you have?
bro its too hard ooo. and u how many point u hve??
Sorry I don't understand What do you mean by the limit ?
It's currently the only way you can make points
I still don't understand, what is the maximum per day?
How long does it take to find? Can you be more specific?
still no task on there
just give a try, i think more easy engage task will come and we can earn more point
visit here sir and type /vote then send message
Reason in our daily life we always struggle with laggy stuffs; from our phones, internet we use and transactions on Blockchain. But optimum is here to solve the problem
hey optimim fammm
Optimum feels like a project you can stick with long term
you can get morew then 25, i got 90 yesterday
You are right
how much i can take from twitter engage bro?
not spam please
Lolz  I hope they consider other methods soon because gambling is not a good choice
There's only 10 tries a day, and you've never won out of 10 times?
how much you have, never give up mate
35×25 How many points you can earn everyday
1000 stars sounds so difficult, is there a limit my friend?
then there is no way to get 1000 points, you get 25 points per day
is enough to prove for whome want to keep thier OG
its ok my friend keep chatting and provide quality messages over here
Head over to and type /vote
type /vote on and complete that task
no bro its too much for real
Just try to do daily tasks and wait for unlock the twitter engagement tasks don't waste your points in gamble
Optimum’s roadmap demonstrates a thoughtful and achievable vision, dont miss this project
Theoretically, it’s possible if you write 2,000 meaningful messages
yes,, can i known how can u earn 60 poits in short time
1k points is very much for a month lol
Hopefully tweeter task will give us lots of points hopefully
I didn't know, thanks fam
you can calculate how much you earn each day x day left
i think 1000 point is good
Yeah we all hope that bro keep support this
so there is no point in writing more than 20 messages a day?
is the 1000 -0ints still a thing guys?
1000 pts is doable tbh.You guys felt it hard because maybe you want to hit that 1K threshold right away.
me too, very happy to be here and meet many new friends, learn many interesting things kkk
Vote option? Anyone
I thought so too, but it seems you can't accumulate 1000 points without it unfortunately
that good need more again before campaign ended
mb 20 day
almost good sir,, u are Secure Soon OG rolr
That's is a lot bro you will get 1000 soon
why is this harder m
guys can i get 1000 points if start today?
keep push the point mate
good night guys how are you?
Thanks for information i guess it's going to be moon in the future
20 posts will get you points and you have to vote at 12 noon every day.
really?, only 10 points a day for communication?
ya high risk high return haha
lfg ser, stay consitend
that good suggestion mate take care
hows it cooking today
i have only 10 points sir now,,
i check 57
How to check my points
Only 50 points bro , how to increase more
i'm happy, of course because you're here with me and the community
Its points check channel ,
Well, I don't play, if the project is aimed at gambling addicts, then there are no words...
Yeah that is the real question & Also 1000 points is a little hard to earn
I noticed that too
10 points is the maximum we can earn by engaging in meaningful manner
use minimum 15 carecter for grab 10 points
60 points, how about you?
The balance between features and performance in Optimum is strong
I never won there, only lost
i'm sorry for that bro, i hope recovery soon  . don't forget to always use risk management too
It's really hard to control points, but if you can't get them, you'll lose your OG. I hear a lot of people talking about it, but I don't know how many points you can keep your O.
information service is cool
All the information you need is on . You should try reading the docs
You can learn bro there is an official website in discord find and read it bro
how much point you have?
We have bot hunter . be careful with your words guys
Did you type it in with the quotes? I hope not
thanks for remind that
dont use one word bro, you can get ban
nice sir, pathence equal to succes
many task need to complete
I seem to be communicating for a long time, but I only manage to get 10 points a day for communicating, maybe there is a limit in Optimum
However, how many points u have
dont forget for task daily claim and voting bro
i home lets go work in general
Do you have a lot of luck in coin flup? What's the max you've won
I also wonder how much can keep OG
hahaha the flip game is worth all risknsadly lost all the points
Can anybody tell me what's use of optimum in future
still waiting 1 hour to get 2nd vote
type GMUM and activity grab bro for Extra 5 points
Stay active and keep your og role safe
Yes, but coin flip is very risky
well done, keep it up
nice mate 10 points in the bag if success
Yes ..... Thanks for the information
that means you're not degenerate enough to bet your points on the coin flip  . no risk no reward bro hahaha
I'm talking about the og point system
Are you sure? I just did that before you asked the question
Is anything given for that?
what's wrong are you happy or what are you saying tell me what's funny
I'm doing great, thanks! Could you help me with [State your request]?
am good, how can i help you sir ?
Yes bro, voting is done for now
dont forget for task daily claim and voting bro
I agree, I wish they'd add it sooner
just be active dont spam unnecesarily
regional cht is coming soon bro
no, not very many, only 80
send more messages here and coin flip
Yeah may be because we have to keep our eyes on anything
visit here and put thats sms
After you sensei.. I ain't doing nothing you've not done yet
My humble advice be active on chat
just voting are you already doing that?
yow whatssupp evening all
Hey thank you ser
what event are you talking about my friend i don't understand
hahaha not yet mate, it's more like fat guy xD
you have to wait fam
Well, I have somewhere the same ( Most likely, I won’t get 1000 here
you need more characters let's do it
but twitter engage is not live yet
in one mount
Yes bro, i definitley agree
Bro Try to be responsible wen playing u see it written there
im agree if they make it work we can start
That's enough time maybe..
Go to and type in "/profile"... you'd see your total amount of points
How many points do you have, have you accumulated a lot?
How to get more bro ?
we are waiting for those tasks for now
whats is meed sir.. i think thats is need speling
Yes bro,i cant play one more
No spam bro you will get ban talk on other
When the event will end ?
Stay active and keep your og role safe here
You are absolutely right mate you can say it again
never sleep before get point everyday
Lets bet all your point in flip. You will be lucky
You should be able to get more
You can say that again
its a good idea to can earn points with twitter engage
How long have you been with the community fam?
Bro how to check points
not avalilable maybe soon will available bro
after you sent 20 substantial msgs, you'll got the point immediately and you can check here
nice brother seems like you are. already rich guy
Optimum's been super consistent, one of the best I've tracked!
Optimum is one of the most consistent projects I’ve followed
Up and great full
and I try as best I can, it needs to be done even more
real ogs don’t sleep fr
stay active on this mates
i think its dont work for now buddy
the main goal keep on the track
Good evening...All good..how are you?
yes. i'm just a chillguy, my friend
We're supposedly to be at 105 points by tody How many already got that??
Get as many points as possible bro
1000 points bro 35 points per day you have 25 day to earn
Who got instant points of chatting here in general channel ?
You meed accumilate 1000 points bro
its hard but we can prove it we are real ogs
how can work with twitter engaging? anybody know?
1000 points before this event ended
Every update shows Optimum is focused on long-term scalability
we believe in that
goodnight mate, have a nice day
Og? How much points need bro??
Are you going to bed already? How is work?
Stake what you can afford to loose
we can bro if don't stop
Come on, buddy, we gotta try harder than that
Also there will be engage and AMA
ok mate thank you i set a timer to remember
Are you always chilling brother ?? .
yes its a bet i lost too..bad chance
Goodevening guys How are you all doing ??
need more explain about detail optimum
yes, better to keep it chill hahaha. be a smart degen xD
yeah i wish i will can you please explain to me how to get these points?
No problem bro thanks for your wish bro
I've eaten everything, I can continue working
good luck bro
Yeah, I won the rest, not enough for me
Yeah that's what I figured from it.. WAGMI
You went flipping
Alright we will get their
ahh, sorry about that... i thought it was today
i lost all my points
Thank you bro hope you can secure your Og
Today i got 25 points bro
What's up guy's
yes but you can doi mate im sure
I am back again how are you all ?
That's very good, I wish I had more luck
we can vote every 12 hours and we have 2 votes a day
Yeah.. it's capped at 10 points per day
how much points do you have now guys
Did they give you that much for communication?
its hard getting 1000 point remark
just keep it chill man
you are welcome. we are family!
thanks mate, appreciate it
My birthday is after the campaign end bro not today btw thanks for wish
nice one mate, don't roundtrip and don't be greedy after winning!!
its hard but we can prove it we are real ogs
Happy birthday in advance
Yes bro, how many points did you get today?
win 6 poin from coin flip
Yeah I hope so and thank for your wish
optimum where the loyalty keeps
I got 15 yesterday, 20 the day before. So I don't know exactly
wait for next updates from Team
Optimum’s documentation is improving, which makes onboarding easier
happy birthday Yuki Kun MMT  , wish you all the best
i only find 1 voting on server how can i find more?
We’re rolling out our OG Revalidation Campaign: “Are you a real OG? – The Reawakening” , a month-long challenge to prove who the true community OGs are. This will help us make sure that when it’s reward time, the most active and loyal community members get the recognition (and perks they deserve
dont use space
have to keep alive
Keep helping, keep growing together in optimum
i only have 26 points tll now
Wishing you the best of luck and happiness on your big day.
I can't wait, as the days go by and the deadline gets closer and closer
im back with 78 poin, let see what i get today
Have a nice day
It should be about optimum and not short
I need to hard working day by day
Can we exceed the 10 points per 20 reasonable chat per day or it's only limited to 20 points?
engagement points give in two phases
Earning wislely through daily tasks
Keep active and grab role
Which criteria??? Get 1000 points and save you og role
head to ⁠and write /vote
coming soon be patient
"/ vote" (do not use space, good luck my friend
not going to fade it anyhow
congrats with birthday!
Yeah, Optimum's totally gonna blow up!
Look at me bro
optimum has a great future
And 16 is My birthday bro  I wanna happy at my birthday
really? I dont see it
like only about optimum and project etc. or decent and sensible messages more than 15+ characters would be enough?=
Yes react and reply
Nothing terrible. Next time you'll definitely be lucky.
I guess, but the channel's empty so far
Hype is real bro,dont fade it
optimum is the new vibe here
10 points for every 20 substantial messages
And we have 5 point for reply 1 messg
Maybe you but not to me bro I don't want to lose Og
not yet for now buddy
Go to . They provide features not without a reason. It's impossible to get 1k point without gambling
I don't know why i am losing everytime fun flip game
Bro, did you do all this here, on Twitter, etc.? I understand that if only here and the diaries are closed, there will be no such result?
and go type "/ vote" on engagerly and "/ votepoints" for sesh
guys where i can vote?
High quality messages, that's what it says in the announcement channel
Are you sure it's 20 points max per day
any tweet for engament
atleast minimum 15 characters
I can get you buddy, best wishes
When will there be tweets that we can get points for?
Nice to hear that dude
Yes it's very productive day for me
if you win you get 3x poin from your bet
easy way to earn point daily: claim 5 point daily + Vote 2times (10 point + chat 20mes (10 point = 25 point with only 10m
what kind of messages win points in here exactly?
Yeah for sure it's going to play good in the future
I love gamblingggg lol
daily cap 10 points. can't get more than that. i've tried it yesterday..
Its end 15.09 bro.
How to check my points bro
end date is september 15 so we have enough time
in Q5 you know what i mean..
max 20 points per day by chatting here
thanks blue bro!
man,could you please tell me,where i can vote,in which channel?
What bro tell me what u know
Haha, nice one buddy, sounds like you had a productive day despite the gambling losses!
Yes buddy I gathered all points for today and lost some by gmbljng
My pleasure meeting you also
no I am losing every time
okey mate thank you for the info
yes but we will see tasks soon
The reliability of Optimum has noticeably improved in recent releases
BTC halving soon
Good evening too fam,how are you today ?
134, but I haven't gotten my socializing points yet
Optimum is the game changer
My pleasure meeting you also
20 message for 10 point sir
How many days left to complete 1000 points and how many points per day
nope there is daily limit of max 10 points for 20 messages
Og role gonna play a key role in Optimum future
yes keep the og with you
everyone gets their points on time?
i've got +5 points from vote, +5 points from check-in, +10 points from sending 20 substantial messages here on
Don't miss the og at any cost
When is next bull run?
can we get another points if we send another 20 messages mate?
I maxed out at 20 for socializing the day before yesterday
How many points do you have right now
Which one do you prefer ?
How to do any criteria
not yet, so close
don't give up buddy
eagerly waiting for x tasks to go live
are you win bro?
It's definitely coming, I can feel it
Nice to meet you
Earning wislely through daily tasks
30-40 point bro
maybe that's stiill the good chance if we feel that can't catch the requiment
cant wait for them
Keep strong for 1000 points haha
980  that is a lot today is day 2
What is the other one ?
Twitter tasks not live yet
Who here collected the maximum points in a day? Share the info
Don't forget there is also ...you can gather some points frome here also
DeFi season incoming?
can't understand then why I haven't received points yet
60 ,how about your points?
i only bet 2 or 3 points not more than that
Stay tuned chanel
I wish you luck, 1000 points is not easy to accumulate
stay tune koko
You just need 980 more poins dont give up
not spam please
Then really difficult is on your luck on flip game
ahh i see, it's okay i'm just want to make sure hehe...
Daily tweet when?
X engage how
My friend, this will happen with OptimumP2P, a tool that helps blockchain nodes share information quickly, reduce latencies, and save internet bandwidth for users.
immediatly bro. Bot Auto Credit points in ur Dc id okay
how many points do you guys have?
Yes I think there is two option to reach 1000: Risky one is fun flip
keep the vibe on with optimum
Market looks sideways
I only have 20 points right how can I earn 1000
okey broo thanks
Yap keep chat with community
Great i got 42 poiy
you'll get points immediately and you can check here by typing "/ profile"
There will probably still be yengage tweets to give good points, in general the task is not easy, but maybe it's worth it
but someone won alot point without chatting
Just keep pushing guys wagmi
Immediately..after completing tasks
Any altcoin gems here?
yep max 10 points for 20 quality messages
me too. i only got 5 pts today for 2 votes. i thought it was a personal mistake
no no bro Discord Role hype will started
Hype + vibe
still little buddy, how about you?
you are the luckiest one
optimum is the future
Wow that's massive brother how much you bet at a once ??
How many have done bro I didn't see
60 I think, didnt vote yet btw
Explain there is any cap on chats points
how many points do you have???
NFT hype is back
Twitter tasks will save you man
You have it already... showing og role in your profile
Thank you. I can vote every 12 hours?
This is new Era
yea,you have the OG role right now
I have serious doubts about this (
ggwp bros, you're so lucky. don't be greedy after win big haha
congratulation for you mate. whiat you choose head or tails mate?
i'll be waiting for ya shark
congrachulation bro good luck
welcome bro , we are here to help and grow
yes not a problem keep trying.. if until the end of the day is not enough, you can bet all your points haha
Wise guy, i love it and hope dont lose too many points there
I can get a maximum of 300 points in 30 days through chat. 450 points with checks and votes, and a total of 750.
i leave the channel mistakenly Can I get og back ?
points add immediately or it takes time?
ETH gas fees insane!
BTC is already on the moon let's sent this to the moon
thats so cool man,congratulations
How many points yoi earned so far brother ???
thank you i find it but how about votes?
i have done today, come here tomorrow
optimum to the moon always
Got it, bro. Thanks
Optimum is shaping into something long-lasting and truly sustainable
lets try bro , i dont know how is possible
yes I think we have enough time too
when ETh new ath ?
i don't play gamble bro
I am addicted to fun flip game lol
i just win 60 point from coin flip hahah
Where do you live in brother
This is a month, we'll manage, there won't be any problem, and when the campaign is over, what next?
Bitcoin to the moon
Good job brother
hmm you mean engagerly 2x, sesh 1x, and captcha bot 1x? i don't get point by voting on captcha bot tho...
Project is strong and good
Go to task center chanel bro
i just win 60 point from coin flip hahah
vote engagerly to get 5 points every 12 hr
Nicce to meet you Optimum OG
Not for one day? Three or four days?
I am back how is everything going Does x engage appear?
let's go fam, love your energy here
You should be in chat every day till the end of when you got 1k points
It's been raining and storming all the time in my area. I can't go anywhere haha
oh, sorry 25 point, not 35
Love the calculation, wen fun flip bro?
Thanks Buddy it's really helpfull info
everything ok,thanks man
HODL strong my friends
I'm just started
I wanted to ask, can there be only one vote? I just saw two bots there, I don't know which one to choose, can you tell me?
how can i vote and where is the daily check mate?
The transparency of Optimum’s devs builds strong community trust
Great to have you here too!
any one known when Chat Task will be reset in WTC ?
Excatly, love to be here
That's a great news,keep going
here is way to easy earn point daily: claim 5 point daily + Vote 2times (10 point + chat 20mes (10 point = 35 point with only 10m
How will it be 1000?
maybe i'm wrong about this
It will end on september 15th
How you can explain it
80 points in this time
Buy the dip or wait?
yes, to get by general ways
grinding never gets old...
everything is same,how about you
Easily and hard work
Yes mate best option is chat here
thank you bro
i leave the channel mistakenly Can I get og back ?
nope you will only get 10 points max everyday
why you so lazy brother ???
how are u today fam?
Optimum continues to grow into a more stable and useful tool
Does anyone have any information on when the campaign will switch so we can do our calculations properly?
real. bear market is coming
You got only 10 points per day, no more
How 45 points difference?
Vibing with Optimum OGs is fun
nope sir, i forget yesterday for my personal work
It's save to stay away from gambling
We can made 1000 points in 20 days for sure
Bear market is real
Yestarday I got 25 points.
that i doing that everyday sir to get 1000 points
vote 4 times a day? what? how? i've only got 5.
how much poin do you have bro?
keep doing, we can get our OG
Keep active and more point claim
If I write 40 messages will I get 20 points??????
Oh my friend, you know a lot about the project and that's commendable, do you do Twitter posts about Optimum and do you think a lot of people will leave the OG role?
chatting 10 points daily check in 5 pouints vote every 12 hr 5 points
how many ogs left after ending its matter
Yes but I hope we see +20 tasks there
So tell me hw are you buddy ??
so sad, lets double it again by chatting fam
Bullish vibes on optimum community
yes, i'm also wait X missions,maybe it can improve scores
10 point lost on coin flip
Just be active here and focus on the task
never give up!! collect 1000 points bro
yah i get 5 poin every 12 hour
we just can vote twice in 24H
Bullish vibes today
We just have to keep grinding hard man
Then how you gather 45 points?
like me I am very lazy
Great, looking forward to it!
Thank you! We will wait it.
yep, just be active and on notification
Any one can explain how many ways to earn points on optimum
Let's chat buddy we here for that
have you earned points by voting?
Hope we all keep our roles, we deserve ittt
i lost 2 scores yesterday
even the first task still not live
I need to keep chatting for my 10 points
10 poin per day from chat bro
so thank you bro
The twitter engagement tast is important...there you can earn max 20...I am waiting patiently for twitter task
frrr haha you loss?
twitter tasks not live yet man
yep, you can max earn 10 points for chatting
It is difficult today.
yes mate i love to calculate it
it's is the actual OG game to keep OG
True believers will keep their OG roles
Team still not mentioned about that brother
Checkin daily: 5 point, vote 4 times a day: 20 pts, reply 1 messg: 5 pts and send 20 messg 15+ character: 10 pts
honestly im impressed with optimum the team tackles core blockchain issues like slow data flow, high redundancy, and limited scalability. rlnc, deram, and parallel execution make the network fast, reliable, and fully decentralized. the validator incentives and easy developer integration make it practical for real use
Yeah but we have to get it however no another choice
trying to collect point's
Oh Jesus, Virgin Mary and all the saints, this is a miracle, my child.
i have 82 poin now, what about you guys?
i have a same question too mate like u
maybe no limt point
dont to do flip coin,it just reduce your scores
: maybe good choice
it's nice to hear that
congrats buddy, keep pushing
you are good with math things
I have voted 2 times but no points granted
How to do Twitter intraction?
Optimum is too good to loose OG Optimum is too good to loose OG
Each Optimum update feels like intentional progress toward the vision
but who count those messages to know its meaningfull or not?
No search your profile in general and you can check How many messages you have sent
Not bad mate. And what about you?
im getting closer to those 20 messages finally
What is this task twitter? Where can I watch it?
no gambling, it will reduce your points
Very tough to get 1000 points
yesterday i had 57 now i have 10...lost all in gamble...lol bad luck
yes, it's hard, maybe wait more activity to get scores
yes too many and they have decided to tear us apart some of us lazy ones will leave on their own
b'ros s lept ad lost
Already know my friend
Same here, the Optimum community has some really great people.
no gambling, it will reduce your points
its regarding about discussion i guess
Will I receive a notification that I have sent 20 text messages or not?
Chat, Vote, twitter intraction, simple
Wow big congratss broo
i dont know, u just have to try ur luck. the miracle always can happen in ur life
did any limit for earning daily points(chatting or not ???
its tough to get 1000 points
i don't know exactly how, but as far as i know the characters should be 15+
kkk same target, chat around 50mes, but never got it
hmm you can read detail information ways to earn points in
have a good day fam,how are you
Yeah if it's not still we have time last day to gamble and earn 1000 last day
Yes brother we can do it altogether
really , i dont think so i only get 30 points daily
Any one can explain how many way to earn point on optimum
Yesss, love finding new freinds i Optimum cammunity
we are all og now,
Yeah, feels like the perfect moment for Optimum to shine.
How you got so many points, I'm shocked, well congratulations That's a great lead on 1000. how do you feel about the project?
How did you get Points, tell everyone and help each other bro
OK, thanks for your telling
Tell me how you got 40 points? It seems like only 20.
hhahah you know im from indonesia bro
Yes there is maximum 20-30 points per day
The consistency of Optimum’s progress sets it apart from competitors
we can reach 1k before close go go
can we get more 20 points
are you sure ? bro
how team count meaning full message to giving 20 point
We are all fine brother how are you ???
Bt you did well...others are still confuse how to gain 35 points...and there you went 20 to 65..
because i only got 5 points from checkin and 5points from vote... so it's just 20 points per day?
it will reduce more og
Yeah maybe my 20 messages isn't done yet
Waiting to see how twitter tasks giving points
Many OG role
Definitely, growing together makes the Optimum community stronger.
This is an excellent achievement. Can you give me more information on how you did this miracle?
we should keep the vibe of optimum here
coin-flip is must to be done
dont bet bro, when the engage task, we can earn 1000 pts soon
haha yea it's a challenging mate to get 40 points in a day.
Optimum is establishing itself as a reliable and trustworthy platform
What do you mean by this ?
Don't gamble you can make 1000 points when twitter tasks open
check it out
Twitter tasks and communiy call and also fun flip...
hahah exactly,i agree with you bro
Yes, bro. They want many to loose and few will get it
Never missing a day Optimum is too good to loose OG
did any limit for earning daily points or not ??? i ask this question for second time pls some one answer me
Hey guys all how are you
Yes mate I agree with you brother
guys, i'm curious how many points have you got today?
how to do , i just get 5 from daily and 5 from vote and 10 from chat
True, holding onto OG makes it feel even more valuable.
Wow you earned 20% of OG role in one day!
it makes us have to bet
we have target clearly, but chat is quite boring
i thin coin flip, but high risk hahah
How can we keep out OG roles ?
You and I have one friend in common, I saw you in another chat room.
Don't gamble your hard earned points bro...
Yess! Sometimes we need to cherish the position we have
keep going guys, i got 205 today with missing 20 points. dont forget to try ur luck. life's that never put on bet, u guys never ever win it
Optimum releases are steady, meaningful, and always add real value
Very very vertigo
how do you make 40 pts daily?
daily checkin. vote, chat, bet,....
bullish with optimum. how are u mate
if you started now with me its need to send 80 msg per day to reach 1000 pts
it's a bad new, it's difficult to keep OG
Which task is easy
Constantly is the key role
wowwwwwww 40 poiint/ day ???
how bro Explain 1/2 points if posoble
i want know this cause i just get 25-35 everyday
And as I understand it, if you earn 20 points a day, then there is no chance at all of getting 1000?
Yeah maybe my 20 messages isn't done yet
What does it mean ? What's the benefits of doing these all?
come here baby
just try to chat, if somtime lack the idea just write what you think
now we have at least 40 points for a day bro
Love you too. How many point do y have today?
everyday just 20 messages is not really grinding
Chat here, daily check in, voting
same here, i dont understand why
haha so hard bro
I need more, I have a brother too.
wah broo. you all in
me too we can reach 1k before close go go
I know these criteria by writing long posts.
wellcome bro, if you need any help dont synes u can asked me
how to get 40 POINTS each day?
No bro. 25 days from now
I love Optimum family!!
The attention to detail in Optimum updates shows careful planning
We don't make the rules bruh...
gamble is too bad  i lost my all points
I'll put all my points on the line if I still don't have enough points by the deadline. haha
What are you offering, give me 1000 points?
i love all optimum family
then you gotta work for it bro
That's good...you are grinding hard bro ...best of luck
i think everyone have read whitepaper of Optimum
Good Morning fam
I'm doing it already
Exactly, it keeps the community active while building real connections around Optimum.
kkk same target, chat around 50mes, but never got it
thanks for explain that
Friends, I have this question, can they give points for tweeting posts, I could countertweet optimum on Twitter
I don't think so. Just use all means to get points bro
So LFG and wagmi Optimum > 15 characters
Youre Welcome bro
I need 1000 points
now we have at least 40 points for a day bro
We don't make the rules bruh.. we just follow it
just don't know what to say
Thanks for the info, so the notification doesn't come right away?
Gambling not everyone brother it's all about luck
i dont know.. bro yesterday my point was 20.. and my last check was 65
nice to meet broo, hehe
bro i recommend go with lower bet like 2 points
now yap about optimum here
i think nope sir, thats why now count bot ... try again sir
Why do you guys fade coin flip?
that correct still have much day
Optimum : 7 charachters
nice to meet y bro
Yeah, I think OGs will unlock special perks or early access later on.
" Points Check " Type the /profile command in the ⁠│points-check channel, click on member, type your username in the field that appears and press enter.
haha yea shark. i try to get another 10 points from chatting in here
Didn't it start yesterday? Why are there 24 days left?
15 character what do you mean by character
Have faith on them bro...if they have opened the channel there must be a purpose on that...so wait patiently
Broooo you are doing great
thank you mate for help
Very confusing. If we flip. And we losing more then earn. .. Difficulties ahead
team been cooking so now it's time to show
How can I get the OG role?
That's strange..is there sth I'm not figuring out about these tasks?
Do we have 50 days to finish it?
Same here let's have soon, so we can move faster
I believe this way of project is really good. It helps ogs to always work effectively every day, and at the same time creates connection between us. civilized conversation around optimum
what same bro/
Till September 15th I guess
205 points saved
nice to meet you, welcome
what you problem mate?
What are you offering, give me 1000 points?
everyday same: gr
what happened bro tell
Count 24 Days sir
well you need send 20 messages with 15 character in one messages mate.
For sure, keeping OG will definitely be worth the effort.
Lets keep helping others and contribute to Optimum
We are help to each other isn't it ??
come on, for 10 scores
my friend, what chat rooms have you seen me in and when, I'm in a lot of places so quite possibly you're right
I figured it out, thank you.
Thank you, at least now it's clear what to enter
you need to reply and your sentence must be more than 15 words
Totally from engaging is what I mean
Why I'm not getting points for texts here
Yes, let's just use all means
Points for chatting will reflect later
Yes, we can count, that it is not enouth.
Someone needs the help
we are looking forward to it
yes, it is very tough to keep OG status
Yes my honest reaction for that sir ...
yea mate, keep it up together.
Yeah, 1k is the target, gotta stay consistent every day.
They will then come up with 1000 more things about this, trust me, we are all here,
yep, just go to and use /profile you will see your stats
Very much so bro, my posts aren't counting for some reason
yes I tried it risking 2 points and lost .. my remaining points 63 wkwk
how much time do we have mate any idea ?
also you can earn 10 points from here for chat
Exactly my point in my later messgae
why i cant claim daily point?
I took risk and luckily I get it
waiting engage task open, you can earn 1000 pts
25 days left and we gonna grind hard
It's little bro but that's what I observed
did any limit for earning daily points or not ???
Absolutely, staying active and contributing is the only way to keep it.
lose from what mate
I'll go eat something and go back to Optimum
i need to chat more here to get 20 msg
In the end.. maybe they waste our time and effort
I can't wait for that brother when it starts
is there anyway to check our point?
and may be those who keep og will get access to something
ı dont wanna loose mate
wow buddy you have made a great progress today
I hope to get points asap, it seems we dont have much time
Did you do a toin coss or sth?!!
20 points? It is little. Why?
no sir . 10 Game if win 40 points from Game/ daily checkin 5 points / For vote 10 points Duration 12 Hours
September 15th is not enough time.
If it's 20 points daily, 1000 points need 50 days
They open twitter engagement soon I think
yea i have a same question too. how to reach 35 points per day. normally we only get around 25.
Yeah I have 40 points i made it today
yep , i am sure it is worth fighting for
I can...By daily check in 5 points, vote - 20 points, chat here - 10 points
True, now they’re making sure only real active members can keep OG.
why i just get 5 scores , but i vote twice
you need 1000 points to save your OG in the future
Yes just keep pushing and contributing to keep that tole
yo og fams
Never missing a day Optimum is too good to loose OG
I have 25 points too. I think we can make it if we're active every day.
optimism very strong project i like it future very bright
I meant from engaging.. you could get more from coin flips and twitter engagement...
i dont know.. bro yesterday my point was 20.. and my last check was 65
yo fellow ogs and community, have you done all the task today?
Hype is real bro,We dont fade the Optimum i think
That's his total number of points for two days, not a bad result, and you have how many points I'm curious.
meanwhile twitter engagement will give you some points
But it's 20 points daily now
How I can get 35? I dont understand.
ı m keeping sir
but I'm good at chess and it would be nice if the team did something about it, enough with these roulette wheels and double or nothing
You can choose head or tails at a time
Wish me luck guys I am going to bet some points on bet flip
Then how we can complete 1000
Thank you! Do I need to post 20 messages a day here? Or 10?
it was easy to get og and now team is filtering alts
Yeah, I was lucky to grab OG early, now just grinding to keep it.
hmm maybe you already claim it before mate. you can vote and claim it every 12 hours
Now we have to fight to keep the roles for perks and "rewards"
Hey, bro. I've seen you in other chat rooms.
Hope we get points in other ways!
how did you get 35 points bro?
25 points per day.
why max is 35? can you explain
I see there is a Twitter community and a conference, but they are not open yet.
Great...keep engaging to gather more points so you can reach the ultimate target
Lets get 1000 points together man
You are not bullish enough
No bro. I think you can only get 20 points daily here
You can choose head or tails at a time
send message with minimum 15 character, voting
try buddy. high risk high reward. goodluck
I appreciate how Optimum focuses on solving meaningful user problems
You have gotten OG role before doing tasks lol
head to and use the command /profile to see it
Wait, what? How so? Max for daily is 35
Not financial advice but… I’m bullish on Optimum
The same goes for me, I always lose everything.
nope sir, multi 45 24 Days = ?
why I didn't get my vote point?
yea mate me too good to see u in here. how many point do u have buddy?
how i get more points
What differentiates Optimum’s OG mission from other Discord-based campaigns?
do you still have to choose heads or tails? oh yeah, I got it, I only chose heads
We are working hard.
here bro use / profile
I have the same idea but maybe thats the only way to climb the leaderboard
Go to and type /profile
Points  30 points
Real alpha is quiet. Optimum is giving me that vibe.
That's great, buddy. Keep it up and stay consistent.
You have to earn 1000 points through engagement here ... More details are here
Yeah. No problem mate.. let's get those 1K points
here you go brother
By the way, this is a very interesting question, after 20 messages is there any point in continuing?
Ok got it, but how can i check points i have ?
please check in and type command /profile. the points will show up.
early is the smartest and the easiest way to cook
always win optimum
lfg bro, nice to meet you fam
What does the long-term vision of Optimum’s network look like?
how can i check my points ???
Me too buddy, I think not betting is better for me
come to here
I tried flip coin & I lost Such a bad day for me
Hey everyone, who has how many points? I have only 25, will I be able to collect 1k before the 15th of September do you think?
Early movers always win. Don’t sleep on Optimum
right sir, Luck is Equal money now
Noooo...it is possible you can earn 400 points everyday...the threshold is reachable
Yes, but I cannot do it. Mistake in my comp, maybe.
i have done ,but no scores ,i feel confused
Sorry I didnt notice it, Thanks btw
yea mate, road to 1000 together mate, we can do it
How can I see how many points I have?
This is really luck and I have to try but my luck is terrible
You mean you have 955 points ?
head to , you will see all the info there
me too bro
great, now you can get 10 points every 12 hours
I don't know I just choose head first time and tail second time
Ok thanks buddy hope to keep my OG at the end
yeah, who are these people?
I Just spotted optimumXYZ — looks like something BIG is brewing
why is this harder than exams lmao
cool mate. lfg
I got 45 points today
We are gonna keep our OGs LFG
you should check announcements channel
Go here then type /vote...you have to vote in both one...after 12 hrs you can give vote again
That's what I'm being told right now
yes sir keep grind with us , go x and learn about OPTIMUM
He is lucky in fun flip I guess
how, maybe I'm doing something wrong?
no pain no gain
Oh Don't worry you will win soon
Someone tell me about how to keep OG role ? Long time no come here
yea we do, that's why i am all in on it
Why im bullish on optimum? because optimum balances innovation and reliability better than most projects
How did you make them so fast
flip coin ,i wont get it throught it
yeaa i think soo mate. i dont have big luck so far
have a good day fam how are you ? everything is okey
You mean you have 900+ points
yes every day claim
It's risky but it worth trying. Always commit little points
Voting to bot earns points too?
That's wild.. alright I'll defintely hop on that now
and so I'll lose all my points, it's better to gain them through communication and that's all
how about your points?
search for 1000 kink points
maybe 3 days in a row I can lose all my points
you dont have an OG role bro, i dont get
need 45 points sir, then i will secure OG role
you can check in here , type /profile
well we believed in optimum and the team
5 points in total bets
It's all about luck bro
Some of us will achieve the real role
I dont think so. This chat is kind.
There should be more Twitter tasks.
I see there is a Twitter community and a conference, but they are not open yet.
I have no idea what I'm voting for there I just go in, click and go out
rlnc works by encoding data into flexible chunks that can be reconstructed from partial sets, reducing redundancy and speeding up transmissions across the network while keeping it reliable and decentralized
Yeah..it's good enough.. the real tasks is the 20 messages with the time outs
/profile you can see your points
ZK isn’t just for rollups, Optimum shows that clearly.
I heard some news 0g roles will be useless if we not engage here . I'm here b/c of that
Lol I laughed hard lol
I bet 2 times and won
This is a key, you are 100% right
yeaa. but i want to ask will you get another 10 points mate? after send another 20 message.
How many points did you get today?
no, i get none scores by voting, just get scores by daily check and chat here
try again tomorrow bro
You said it very beautifully. In blockchain, we are always concerned about speed, for which optimum provides excellent solutions.
Congratulations bro, you are lucky!
Wow You're so lucky
thanks, appreciate a lot!
I've already made about 5 bets and lost them all
yes i try it before. 1 win and 1 lose.
Transparency builds trust
I get it now.. To be clear, we're voting for a specific bot right.. that's "engagerly"
dont worry next time you can win 100%
keep active right?
evening optimum friend
what do you mean bro?
How many points did you lose bro?
Yeah I bet 10 coins and won 30 points
It seems everyone is losing lol
how to check total points
This particular technology called RLNC is great. It breaks down data into smaller pieces, making blockchain networks faster and more efficient.
no problem, mate! Don't try to spam, then you won't be banded
you're welcome bro.
yea you will get 10 points per 20 message you sent with 15 character.
Noooo...it is possible you can earn 35 points everyday...the threshold is reachable
I may never play it again, 2 days in a row without a win
there is no limit, work as much as you want
yes keep losing points there
maybe 3-4 hours, try to all in on coin flip
I hope, that it will be soon.
go here and Type /Profile then u will see ur pts
Has anyone tried filp coin ?
1k points is going a journey.. a very tasking journey at that
Yes you can earn around 30-40 points per day
OK bro don't worry and thansk again
Is there any points for chatting here?
is the bet going your way bro?
Oh my god, this chat is so depressing
Yeah, RLNC is awesome; it speeds up blockchains by splitting data into smaller chunks.
Exactly. This particular technology called RLNC is great. It breaks down data into smaller pieces, making blockchain networks faster and more efficient.
Is there a limit to the points earned per day?
please check in , using command /profile
keep up the good work broski! don't skip this
That's great; their clear roadmap really builds trust with everyone.
0G means - zero gravity right ? i just want to make sure guys
Yes, The Optimum roadmap is transparent, which inspires community confidence
so hard to get 1k poin waiting for engage
how bro-game play bro or others?
Love optimum vibes and bros
have a good day boys
I will try
i dont know bro, i haven't gotten up to that before fam
you are a monster, how much time a day do you spend on Optimum
im all in on coin flip
feel it's impossible to get 1000
haha you are unlucky, so don't continue or you will lose all your points.
Are you sure about this optimum sir?
I dont know im gonna gamble again or not
" Points Check " Type the /profile command in the channel, click on member, type your username in the field that appears and press enter.
Go to and /profile
ok i hope for that
cool mate, try another ways to earn points
check here bro and type /profile. you can see your point
hod did you manage to get them
I said keep checking everyday.. because no one know exactly when it will come..we don't have any option rather than waiting
I think its hard too, hope we see many twitter tasks
Absolutely, real builders think long-term
we love good vibes fs
Better luck next time
come here bro
i just get 5 scores by daily check
" Points Check " Type the /profile command in the channel, click on member, type your username in the field that appears and press enter.
How many messages do you send into the optimum channel daily
how to check points
Wow, I know, right? It's absolutely mind-blowing!
wow how is it possible?
yes, but try try if u want to secure your OG role
I think, that it is hard.
How to check point
maybe soon. wait for announcement mate
I don't think so for now.. but soon I suppose
bullish on Optimum
keep your og role
Ok thanks for ur info sir
i think so mate
Every update from Optimum demonstrates real long-term commitment
The future of Optimum looks bright with this kind of progress.
well yes, you need to vote on both sites, just click on one button, everything is easy there
any testnet for this project
I cant winnn lol
There is empty no. I saw it.
Isn’t it hard to reach 1000 points?
so good dude , your welcome
How bro?? Are you doing flip coin??
then Type /profile & send then you will see ur points.
real ogs don’t sleep fr
3 consecutive flights without winning
180 poin so far, 200 poin target today
Thanks for your help man
yes, but need to be meaningful, engage with everyone and talk about Optimum
or try to bet your points
Where exactly should I look and what should I enter?
yeahs, tbh i need this energy right now to make a good friends here hehe
I think Optimum could see more adoption after these updates.
thanks dude , i'm so happy about it
Continue buddy.. you've got more points to loose I belive
Dude, did you know that Optimum is a blockchain project that makes data sharing faster and cheaper for apps like games and finance platforms.
i am waiting and want to accumulate more points!
One more question how to get 40 point one day
Optimum has proven that steady progress is better than rushing features
you are so great ,how can you be so fast?
Just keep chat?
hay bro. come here and grab
im great too, vibing here
Maybe in upcoming days...keep checking everyday here
what's everyone doing right now?
2000 messages /30sec =idk i lost count and didn't care, just wanna hang out here with you guys
Yes, it is good. It is not so much.
When you play gambling you should be prepared to lose, that's the first rule.
100 % , I tell you about it
how are you doing?
is there already the ecosystem?
optimum top tier security audits align with the highest industry standards, for what its worth this is the project of the year
Optimum isn’t just patching blockchain pain points — it’s going after the root causes. By tackling slow data propagation, high redundancy, and limited scalability, they’re building features people actually need. Their memory layer plus a peer-to-peer system means higher throughput, lower costs, and decentralization that stays intact.
I knew there was sth I was doing wrong.. so voting for engagerly on both sides gets me the points right?
I have just lost 5 points lol
you're welcome. 15 words will also work, as it contains more than 15 characters
How to get 40 point per day it's possible
the development team behind optimum shows impressive dedication, consistently shipping updates, engaging with the community, and backing their claims with strong technical research. their mix of academic background and industry experience makes the progress more trustworthy, and sets a solid foundation for long term growth
ah sorry i'm bad haha. no am not using translate app
soon, soon, Optimum is working on it
im from Türkiye brother
Has anyone won in Fun flip ever?
More practical means more value
why no scrores after i vote
who made this scam game
1 points per 2 messages, and 1000 points for 2000 messages
Optimum’s updates give the project more practical applications.”
ok dude , ask it and tell me
Optimum continues to deliver reliable updates that improve stability, showing that they are not only innovating but also maintaining the foundation needed for long-term adoption.
İt’s great bro. How about you
Where exactly should I look and what should I enter?
When optimum twitter tasks?
optimum looks like it is building features that people actually need by targeting the core problems of blockchain networks like slow data propagation high redundancy and limited scalability. instead of adding surface level patches they are building a memory layer and p2p system that can actually increase throughput reduce costs and keep decentralization intact
Congratulations. And good luck with everything.
Not 15 words.. 15 characters. Letters, numbers etc
Yeah having a good day mate, where are you from?
You're making it more complicated, are you using a translator?
there are only 2 sites, and yes, you will have to vote on these two
Absolutely bro, Optimum powers Web3’s brightest future.
Hey how r you doing?
Sorry I write letters thanks for help
cool mate, try other ways to earn point in here.
10 points for 20 message. so u need open an calculator app haha
is there any region channel? wanna talk with fellow
so I ask to other peoples
I like that Optimum balances tech growth with real-world use.
The development team behind Optimum shows impressive dedication
Great man, glad to meet with optimum frens
Optimum Flexnode HackNet will you be there ?
yeah 15 words/ character is a minimum for get point
im good thanks buddy, have a good day
limit done for today. see you guys again in a little while
optimum continues to deliver reliable updates that improve stability, showing they are not just innovating but also maintaining the foundation needed for long term adoption
Why my voting points dont count?
Okay, dude, just give me the letters then.
How many messages and content do you need to get 1000 points?
I have to vote on all three sites is what you're saying now?
not words bro, letters.
actualy I don't know
where to check points guys?
Optimum looks like it’s building features that people actually need.
you must have played a coin toss and got really lucky, or how did you get so many points so quickly
yea mate me too chill and vibing with u everyone it's good
keep talk with each others in here reach till 20 message u can get the point.
message here and daily check in
how to get points dude ?
Thank you, how are you doing?
Wow, that's great. You took a risk on a coin flip?
nice bro, keep it up, keep engaging to build Optimum
Nice to meet you man
Yeah, variety keeps it engaging
optimum top tier security audits align with the highest industry standards, for what its worth this is the project of the year, dont sleep on it
Twitter task not comming.. its very difficult to achieve
how tdid you do it bro, pls explain
Happy to be here guys
how to get more point bro
Welcome back Obioma how are you
The Optimum ecosystem feels stronger now than it did a few months ago.
keep grinding guys. we all will be succeed.
Optimum continues to deliver reliable updates that improve stability
I did it, but  Vote for sesh on top.gg Thanks for helping us spread the word! Total vote points earned by melody789. 0 Spendable points earned by melody789. 0 Tip: You can vote for sesh once every 12 hours. Tip: Votes are worth twice as much on the weekends. Tip: Points can be used to activate live lists (/list
I'm good and you?
Exactly bro, Optimum’s impact lights the way for Web3.
yepppp, the performance lift is no joke. cutting redundancy and speeding up propagation makes chains feel way more usable for real apps. if they keep delivering like this, adoption is gonna snowball fast. scalability plus decentralization done right is rare
what topics should we do?
Im great man thanks
25 points in 1st day
What are you doing?
Keep chat bro
how are you doing bro, welcome
what do you mean bro, i dont understand your msg bro?
come here and enjoy it
I am good, Thanks bro
you need to be active here and do 20 messages and then you will get 10 points. and you can try again after 24 hours
what kind of monster are you, I haven't hit 100 yet
Optimum’s token utility seems to be growing with every update.
we can check leaderboard?
im working very very hard
Wow bro congrulations , im 10 points
Optimum’s top-tier security audits align with the highest industry standards!, for what it's what, this is the project of the year, don't sleep on it
Thansk Team i grab 10 points for chat here
OK I understand send 15 words
hy bro,, welcome back
I wouldn't say it's complicated. I like that there are many different interesting tasks.
keep chatting for points now
I hope that one day I can come to Kurdistan
Check the leaderboard or profile
but how we can be eligible for messaging 20 times a day?
You can see your points in your account summary.
yeah but we dont have other chance bro. so we have to do it
Where can I see my points?
the messages we send must contain information about crypto and the optimum project, and the message must be meaningful to the user, for example providing information to each of our conversation partners, and it must have 15 characters or more, a minimum of 15 characters per message, and we must do this for 20 messages.
Hey optimum fam, wassap?
300 already?? man you're fast, how can it be?
So difficult but i will try it
Optimum didn't have such an asset before, it's nice to see
We're working, how about you?
by this year you can reach your goal
But how to get 40 point per day
No leaderboard friend. Check your points
15 letters, numbers, etc
keep doing right now
im good wbu bro?
great Im just started to grind!
whats the main idea about this proejcts
True bro, Optimum guides Web3 toward real scale.
I love it , the best place
btw this campaign is fun but its also very hard
yea, i think its prover node tho, not sure yet tho
keep chatting for points now
ohh that means you were being sarcastic
it's the OG things, now or never
try best for scores
yepppp, the performance lift is no joke. cutting redundancy and speeding up propagation makes chains feel way more usable for real apps. if they keep delivering like this, adoption is gonna snowball fast. scalability plus decentralization done right is rare
go to type /vote
15 character means
idk man, grind harder than gym
I love Kurdistan . it's perfect
Exactly bro, Optimum’s impact lights the way for Web3.
all Og are here for their survival
as far as I see from now on
How are you doing guys!?
40 points you need to do every day and then for 25 days you can gain 1000
Today is a good day, thanks for asking
Thank you too Come back to us
It's blue ofcourse
How to voting bro
happy to you bro
Optimum’s huge performance gains over traditional networks are a game-changer, and it's definitely going to take over  There's no stopping it
sa.e question I need to know the answer to
no leaderboard bro'
It's in Iran in Kurdistan
love the feature tho
Exactly consistency is key.
everything is clear there, first you go to one site, vote there, then to another and there you also click vote, but there will be an upvote button
2 days in a row, I returned to the proletariat
20mmsgs, up to 15 characters tho
happy days fam
All OG is here for chat
No doubt bro, Optimum reshapes Web3’s entire vision.
Well, as they write, it's quite difficult.
Thanks for your time.
how to check leaderboard?
greedy equal lost not well always bro
What's up guys
Keep chat bro
voting points are free guys. if its true
im good thanks, I agree, I'll start doing this
what color is your sea water
go full degen my point
How many point get daily reach 1000 point
yeah its very much possible
Wow so fast Have you been writing here all day?
you are the number 1 ,how many day did you do?
Sure bro, Optimum sparks Web3’s path to scale.
yeah that part is really smart. if validators feel rewarded fairly, they’re more likely to stick around and strengthen the network long term. it’s not just about speed and tech, it’s about incentives lining up so the community grows solid and sustainable
where is Mahabad ?
Dude, you're right, it's tough if you don't put in the effort.
very hard bro if u not work
i wish you are the best with accumulating 1000 points
That's cool, Mahabad's a beautiful place!
Yea.. it's defintely possible Without missing another task/activity
I'm from Mahabad ser
Optimum’s generous validator reward system benefits all participants in the ecosystem, they do care about the community too ️
how to check poin guys?
Just be active friends. Let's see how it's gonna be
on coin flip bro>?
not yet. but according you roadmap they are in the node distribution phase. so lets hope for the best
haha per day try to collect 35 points mate.
where do you from ?
you need use command /vote in
and for messages - is there a threshold?
for voting and checkin a message comes to the thread
How many msg send here to get point
I have lost all points
hey guys how is our day going
Sorry but yo7d have to repeat thus I'm not getting it
Optimum will definitely change the way People look at web3 space
Go to here type /profile
Optimum’s impact lights the way for Web3.
how hard is it to achieve 1000 pts?
true, RLNC is what makes optimum stand out. instead of just pushing raw data around, it encodes and mixes packets so even if some get lost, nodes can still rebuild the full message. that reliability under messy network conditions is huge for scaling. no wasted bandwidth, no fragile pipelines, just smooth and resilient data flow
300 points done
please explain which word i need to use on every messge for qualify for 10 points
it's perfect my dude.
Optimum is a smarter gossip protocol, less bloat, more performance
i know right, it is hard to tell whether we already gain the 10 points from the chat or nah, i dont even know how many chat i already sent today
Do optimum have node running now ?
may be node runnin oppertunity for OG role holders. what if
Five hundred what? That's not enough information!
Yes, it works for me What exactly doesn't work for you?
True bro, Optimum fuels Web3’s unstoppable momentum. For real bro, Optimum makes Web3 shine brighter.
just i wanted that you know ?
and top.gg and the other one too, one has no ads, the other has them
idk mate, but from the last 12 hour my points just increase 10 points. idk if its a max point for a day
how to check poin?
I have 5 only
Sure it's ours though We keep going hard
Optimum’s reliable RLNC technology ensures data integrity under any network condition, we are definitely cooking something huge here , this project is really great
Then let that until we get it fam
I am also excited for node opening
you are a optimum real fan
Damn bro Op P2P sounds insane — RLNC + gossip making the network super fast, validators won’t miss a single reward. Love how easy it integrates too
How to know my 20 msga task is completed
but how to see our points?
yea man, i really wanna keep my OG role tho, but it seems not easy to get 1000 points
all good mate, try to get points in here. hbu?
how much poin do you have bro>?
Right bro, Optimum powers Web3’s brightest future.
Guys, is the bot working correctly for everyone? for accrual of points
bro have u received 10 points from chating ?
keep pushing mate
you get points when engagerly bot
I know ser , you don't know ?
Does your city have many floors?
facts, a clear roadmap is one of the strongest signals a project can show. it keeps expectations grounded and progress measurable, which builds trust over time. optimum laying out achievable steps instead of vague promises makes it easier for devs, investors, and users to align. that discipline is what sets it apart
We stay with optimum only No other
earn points bro
do you guys think that without coin flip game we can achieve 1000 points?
Why can't I, bro? I told people to stay here, bro.
Exactly bro, Optimum’s impact lights the way for Web3.
Facts bro - Optimum is the engine that’s driving Web3 into its brightest future
Let them beware
OptimumP2P is our decentralized, high-speed pub-sub protocol built on RLNC and gossip algorithms. It dramatically reduces propagation latency across the network, ensuring validators capture every reward opportunity while enabling efficient, scalable data operations. With simple API and CLI integration, it seamlessly pairs with existing node setups.
how can i tell if i already got my daily chat points? i mean how can i tell if i already fulfilled my quota for the day?
Your site is a lot more different than mine What bot are you voting for? Are u using top.gg?
let's keep going, OG are ours
lets see the bot
The main thing is to surprise in the right way otherwise lately there has been some kind of negative surprise 
How I can get vote points?
we all do bro
Optimum’s achievable roadmap milestones keep the project on track for success, definitely am not sleeping on this project
right bro, because optimum has high speed to execute all data infrastructure
whats going on fam?
for some reason it doesn't want to show points (it seems like I'm writing here, the voice left the check-in and doesn't give points
on the first day i won 1 time. yesterday i lose one time. today i will not flip
All we are dedicated to optimum
good day damily
thx for your compliment, we can do it together
If not optimum I won't join other projects
yea you're right mate it's free.
testnet we will be testing later is called the optimum release hoodi testnet. This will be released in version 0.1, it will be in the form of a CLI node.
true, the vibe in here is pretty solid. people are not just hyping but actually sharing insights, asking sharp questions, and helping each other understand the tech. that builds real loyalty. a strong community is underrated infrastructure. when you combine that with optimum’s tech stack, you get a mix of brains and energy that keeps the project moving forward
just tried coin flip. and 1 lost and 1 won
yeah we are!
Exactly bro, Optimum is pushing Web3 to the next level — fast, efficient, and unstoppable
the bot hunting is begin
What do you study?
Right bro, Optimum powers Web3’s brightest future.
2 consecutive days are proletariat
I wasn't going to leave
Are you aware that optimum is bringing resilience from edge to cloud
we are dedicated to optimum
You can't earn Optimum points like this Now
do it again, maybe it can work
I just started yesterday Didn't got yesterday contributing points though
i wish you had it too mate.
So you actually get your rewards? I don't get bupkis. There must be sth I'm doing wring
voting points are free guys. if its true
right, i also can't wait to try it, because optimum has high speed to execute all data infrastructure
Stay with Optimum bro
hopw its next ip .....i hope you understand.
I skip the ads and that's it, and I vote
Have a good day guys
Optimum’s impact lights the way for Web3.
Optimum’s stellar community support creates a vibrant and loyal user base, this server has really been helpful and educational
still grinding, feels endless lol
I cannot get it. Advertisements help us grow Captcha.bot. Consider disabling your Ad blocker to continue supporting Captcha.bot. No Ads = No Rewards. My computer writes me.
You're welcome. Good luck.
Yes I have Just started yesterday but will be more active now
you are so great , I will follow you
haha exactly, deram is not some off the shelf sdram stick you grab at a computer store. it is a decentralized memory layer designed for blockchain networks, cheap in terms of bandwidth usage but effective in giving systems atomicity, consistency, and durability. what makes it cool is that it feels like ram in concept but is engineered to stay trustless and distributed. so you get speed and resilience without blowing up costs.
Really. But my vote system did not work
But there's always an ad that plays before "rewards"..
True that bro Optimum DeRAM is totally different from SD RAM — cheap, effective, and a real game-changer
Yes bro, Optimum drives Web3 forward with speed.
Yes, this is the right decision
am was depretion ,, when am grab 1k points
what is Optimum ? do you know ?
Yeah, I saw that too, it's so annoying having to watch an ad before getting the rewards!
Can anyone explain how to earn points in the general section to keep og role
vote what bro? can you tell me?
no, these are the same points and they are displayed together
Yeah, saw that But there's always an ad that plays before "rewards"..
will check bro, thanks for information
go to try type command /vote
I need it seriously friend
how did you vote on that site?
Yes that's true 20 points daily for active contributing
10 points for every 12 hours. I recommend setting an alarm like I do so you don't miss a day.
Thank you Probably, OG will disappear in many people
we just have 25 days?
Smart move bro, Optimum keeps sequencing truly decentralized.
Exactly bro, let’s do that — the more info we share, the better. All users need to know what Optimum really is and why it matters
Random words won’t help. The best way is to share ideas, updates, or thoughtful questions that bring real value to the Optimum community.
10 points for every 12 hours. I recommend setting an alarm like I do so you don't miss a day.
Have you ever enjoyed the taste of coffee?
yes friend DeRAM is not sdram  cheap and effective
Yes bro I know that
yes,pls support also others person.. like me
Exactly bro, Optimum’s impact lights the way for Web3.
How I can vote?
Certainly we are going to keep it. We still have 25 days
everything will be clear there, it will be written differently on each site, like thanks for the vote and come back in 12 hours, it will also say remind me
how many days did you do ?
Yeah true bro, it feels a bit weak now, but let’s see what Optimum brings out of it — could still surprise us
Have you gathered your points for today already?
True bro, Optimum sparks Web3’s bright scalable future.
for some reason it doesn't want to show points (it seems like I'm writing here, the voice left the check-in and doesn't give points
You are right
good friend, let's do that, the best, all users need more information, so that all users know what is optimum
am well bro, dont waste ur time keep grinde here with us
how about you,how many points do you get?
does this vote have any effects on the chat point? like is it boosting our chat points? or is it a completely differents point?
Just only 40 though
Optimum’s clever L1/L2 bridging solutions enhance interoperability across blockchain layers, to the moon, am optimumsics
Thanks again bro, really helpful!
Crypto infra is alive thanks to tech like Optimum.
how many points you have
Exactly bro, Optimum’s impact lights the way for Web3.
Have you checked that lately?
Optimum avoids centralization by not relying on one sequencer, making sequencing open to many parties, and ensuring users always have an escape hatch to Ethereum.
Soon friend. We are here
LOL. No one is sure
Totally, dude! Optimum's actions have huge knock-on effects everywhere.
it gives 5 points, isnt it?
True that, bro! Every move Optimum makes creates ripples that amplify across the chain
For sure bro, Optimum guides Web3 toward scale.
How are you all friends
Good question  do we need to vote before or after the general chat? And does it actually affect the points we get in chat?”
I don't see any problem with that. Tell me what problems blockchains are experiencing right now. I haven't seen any yet.
yes, thats is coding ,, am not sure .
this points thing does nothing but increase bot activity
why i never win when i bet
keep chatting to keep our OG roal
so those who are not engaging are going to lose the role?
you too bro
What I really love is how Optimum keeps the community engaged and involved in every step. It’s not just about updates, it’s about growing together
yeah so the sequencer question is always a hot one since in most rollups it’s basically one party deciding transaction order, which is a centralization choke point. optimum’s trick is that ordering and propagation don’t depend on a single trusted machine. the rlnc layer turns data into coded packets, spreads them across many validators, and the deram memory layer keeps state consistent. so instead of one sequencer holding the pen, the network itself enforces order and availability. that way you get speed without turning it into a one-company show.
of course it does, 10 every 12 hours
1000 poin is coming
Exactly, bro — Optimum impact can’t be ignored
I will be more active now than ever
very important bro, i need it
True that, bro! Every move Optimum makes creates ripples that amplify across the chain
Nice bro, can’t wait to try the Optimum release hoodi testnet v0.1 — running it as a CLI node will be a solid experience
Have a nice day.
Well, somehow it's weak with this (We'll see what comes out of it
do we have to do the vote before or after chat in general? does it effecting the points of the chat?
Exactly bro, Optimum’s impact lights the way for Web3.
So what am I supposed to be seeing when I click upvote?
It is basically gambling brother
alright sir,, lets check whats happend
where is written that voting will give you points?
Let's secure our OG role bro
yes, we give me 5 points per vote, maybe you can check to everify ur action
where do you come from and where do you go
you're such a pro mate. how to flip mate, give some tips
work hard and check how it works, then I collect information ,summarize and share to help everyone
Exactly bro, Optimum fully redefines blockchain memory limits.
What do you mean? Isn't that what is says on the site?
Bro, Optimum is making waves at every step
Respect bro that’s the spirit — work hard, learn how Optimum works, then share the knowledge so the whole community grows stronger
i know right, i have no idea how can they manage so many points already, i cannot keep up with them
The testnet we will be testing later is called the optimum release hoodi testnet. This will be released in version 0.1, it will be in the form of a CLI node.
got it! thank you Dy
what about you? how many points do you have?
same here, i’m pretty bullish too. the fundamentals and tech are way ahead of most projects right now. a lot of people overlook it because it’s not loud, but when adoption hits they’ll wish they paid attention earlier.
true that  coin flip ain’t guaranteed at all, better put a lil disclaimer before hyping it up
cool brooo, you have so much point. try to flip all of them
I'm joking bro. I have 210 points now. I flipped too
on one site, on another, it's different, both are correct
As I understand it, this is the maximum that can be expected? And will it be possible to make it in time?
work hard and check how it works, then I collect information ,summarize and share to help everyone
In 2 days or 3 days.. when u start
upvoting gives you points? i dont think so
Good luck to all of us
Can someone explain how Optimum's sequencer avoids centralization issues? Read the docs but wanted a simpler take
Damn.. I'm definitely on the wrong site.. how does it go please?
voting on the second bot is quite guys, who canm explain pls?
i think so, this is my second day starting too, i am not really sure man
You guys are really moving so fast
Facts bro! Optimum’s decentralized memory is next level — it’s gonna change the whole game
By the way, what do you really Love about Optimum
True bro, Optimum shine fuels Web3 growth.
you can check to confirm it. Dont forget to upvote
People that are suggesting coin flip should be putting a disclaimercos it is not guaranteed
Work on it
Good luck to you too bro
Optimum’s decentralized memory tech doesn’t just impresst, it redefines what’s possible
wow congrat bro
i have 66 points for now
Exactly, bro — Optimum impact can’t be ignored
It may be risky bro
what video, there is no need to watch any videos
and what I write here is also not?
there is no points for twitter tasks as of now sir
Does it say upvote or vote??
Keep grinding, little bro, gotta hold onto that OG role!
Exactly! Random words won’t help. The best way is to share ideas, updates, or thoughtful questions that bring real value to the Optimum community.
no little bro grind hard for OG Role maintain
today limit reached. see you again guys
on the first day i won 1 time. yesterday i lose one time. today i will not flip
No way, I'm grabbing that OG, it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!
i cant miss a chance of getting OG
How many do you have already?
Facts bro, Optimum’s value always deserves the shine.
Right bro, Optimum upgrades blockchain like never before.
I have 210 ponts bro. Let's go
how to got more point to bet
try to play coin flip bro
Is there a limit to how many points you can get per day?
of course man, try to keep up everyday, good luck to you man
I only watched the video.. didn't get any message like that.. I don't know what I'm doing wrong
Not much, just grinding points and keeping up with Optimum updates
when 20 message will be done then autamatic i will get 10 points ?
Yeah random words won't bring points, best way is to try bringing good value to the Optimum Community
Optimum's decentralized memory tech is totally mind-blowing!
i'm working here too i want to get 1k points
I'm doing well, I click vote, and then the points come
I don’t think there’s a strict limit bro, as long as you stay active in Optimum you can keep stacking points
So are there limits for points per messages?
Keep your OG role from go away by contributing to optimum
Always bro, Optimum impact deserves the spotlight.
someone teach me the meta pls
i see we can get 25-35 point per day sir, it depend ur work
eiyooo, great day to y’all
yeah good luck to you too, hope we can reach the target
10 poin per day bro
Yah bro I will try hard to get points
Optimum is not just about optimization, but truly delivers a power upgrade to the entire ecosystem.
ofcource sir. will be there
I tried that earlier, lost 5 points to it. I’m thinking of accumulating enough before trying again
Got it bro, thanks for the help. I have one last question. Where did you get all this information from, I didn't see a word from the team anywhere that there are points for replay, that you can get 10 points a day for communication?
Yeah, man, Optimum's decentralized memory tech is totally mind-blowing!
Exactly bro, Optimum is definitely the future — the way they’re building decentralized memory is next level
I'm working a little, how about you?
thats the spirit. see you at the other side
i think not much will make it.....
Is there a limit to how many points you can get per day?
Keep it up brother. Keep moving
how about your coin-flip result?
Projects with a pure and straight vision
I'm currently bullish on them Many will regret not being on optimum
any mod avaiable here ,,, pls confrim me which word i cannot use here
Perfect bro, Optimum makes blockchains flow like RAM.
great bro, good luck bro
Exactly bro, highlighting Optimum’s impact every step of the way.
“Meaningful” just means your message should add value,like sharing thoughts about Optimum, updates, or asking good questions. Not just random words or emojis.
yeah sir. i am not going anywhere. i will be there at the end of this campaign
I lost all my points again today.
did you get messages on the sites themselves like: thanks for your vote?
Trying flipping your Optimum points to earn more
OG is awsome, let's keep our OG
Yo wassup fam  hope y’all good! Just peeped the announcements too, those new roles looking real interesting fr.
i hope i will see you at the end of campaign too.
Did you flip bro. How?
Only 20 points, because I started today
omg, how mamy mes have y chat a day?
Although, the day before, I was voting for captcha bot.. so just yday
only 15 right now bro,,, today i just start work.
Got it bro, always showcasing Optimum’s real value.
That’s a lot, how are u guys having so much when the optimum campaign literally started 2 days ago?
yeah slow and steady we all will win. keep going
All good bro, just grinding in Optimum as usual  what about you
That's actually a pure fact
No problem bro, always happy to help clarify!
OG on top! road to 1k mate together.
Facts! Consistency is key let’s stack those points together
nice role bro
only 170 poin bro, what about you?
I've tried Yday and the day before.. didn't get the points
Trying to make the active Ogs on Optimum active because many people are tagged bot
Greetings guys, how are yall doin? Just read the announcements about roles. Dats interesting
True bro, Optimum is crypto’s speed engine.
meaningful messages, how to understand meaningful ?
there is no points for twitter tasks as of now sir
How many points do you have now?
all good mate! just try to engage here, how long have you been here?
Yes that is what I said
Yeah but does it update immediately or takes time
Everything is fine.
Exactly, consistency is everything  keep pushing bros, no shortcuts to the top
lets remain the OG pls